<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>k61337ex10-19.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBORDINATED PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.19


                                Business Purpose
                          SUBORDINATED PROMISSORY NOTE

$3,500,000                                             Southfield, Michigan
                                                       Dated as of July 27, 2000



                                    1. TERMS

Principal Sum:                 Three Million Five Hundred Thousand ($3,500,000)
                               Dollars

Effective Interest Rate:       6.673% plus the Eurocurrency Margin, as defined
                               below, per annum

First Payment Date:            October 1, 2000

Due Date:                      June 30, 2003



                              2. PAYMENT PROVISIONS

         2.01. Promise to Pay. FOR VALUE RECEIVED and as provided in this
Subordinated Promissory Note ("Note") the undersigned ("Debtor"), promises to
pay to the order of ATLANTIC MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION,
(or any holder of this Note, which collectively are referred to as "Lender") at
its offices located at 3 Giralda Farms, Madison, New Jersey 07940-1044, or such
other place as Lender may designate in writing, the Principal Sum together with
interest as provided in this Note.

         2.02. Effective Interest Rate. The unpaid indebtedness under this Note
shall be repayable to Lender in lawful money of the United States of America,
and all principal indebtedness shall bear interest on the basis of a year of 360
days for the actual number of days elapsed at a rate of interest equal to the
"Effective Interest Rate" before maturity or any Event of Default. In the event
and so long as any Event of Default shall exist under this Note, all principal
indebtedness shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Effective
Interest Rate, plus two (2.0%) per cent per annum (the "Default Rate"). The
Default Rate shall not accrue unless and until Lender has provided written
notice to Debtor that Lender has invoked the Default rate, but if Debtor has
failed to provide Lender with written notice of an Event of Default (as provided
in Section 7.06 (a) of this Note), then Lender shall have the right to invoke
the Default Rate as of the date of occurrence of the Event of Default, and not
the date of written notice that Lender has invoked the Default Rate. Interest
shall accrue from the date the Lender disburses the loan proceeds, whether
disbursed to the Debtor or for the benefit of Debtor.

         2.03. Eurocurrency Margin. For purposes of this Note the term
"Eurocurrency Margin" shall mean the Eurocurrency Margin as set forth in
Schedule 1.1 to the Revolving Credit Agreement between Debtor and Comerica Bank,
as Agent, dated as of August 3, 1999 and as amended March 27, 2000 (the "Credit
Agreement"). A copy of Schedule 1.1 is attached to this Note. For purposes of
this Note the term "Fixed Coverage Ratio" shall mean the Fixed Coverage Ratio as
defined in the Credit Agreement. The "Effective Interest Rate" on this Note
shall be adjusted on a quarterly basis based upon adjustments to the
"Eurocurrency Margin." Adjustments in the Eurocurrency Margin shall be
implemented on a quarterly basis and shall be given prospective effect only,
effective upon the required delivery of the financial statements and certificate
under Sections 7.01(b) and 7.02 hereunder, in each case establishing
applicability of the appropriate adjustment, and in each case with no
retroactivity or clawback. If Debtor fails timely to deliver the financial
statements and certificate required under Sections 7.01(b) or 7.02, then from
the date of delivery such financial statements was required until such financial
statements are delivered, the Eurocurrency Margin shall be as set forth under
the Level 1 column of the pricing metrics attached as Schedule 1.1.


         2.04. Initial Rate. The initial Effective Interest Rate is 9.173%.




<PAGE>   2

         2.05. Statement of Account. From time to time, Lender may furnish
Debtor with a statement of Debtor's loan account. This statement of account
shall be deemed to be correct, and accepted by, and binding upon Debtor, unless
Lender receives a written statement of exceptions from Debtor within thirty (30)
days after the statement has been furnished to Debtor. If Lender fails to accept
Debtor's notice of exceptions, then the respective Responsible Officers of
Lender and Debtor shall communicate with each other, in person or by telephone,
within 30 days of the statement of exceptions and, in good faith, attempt to
resolve the differences with respect to the statement of account and statement
of differences.

         2.06. Interest Payments. Beginning on the First Payment Date and
continuing on the same day of each subsequent calendar quarter (January 1, April
1, July 1 and October 1) until the Due Date, Debtor shall pay to Lender, by wire
transfer in immediately available funds, interest at the Effective Interest Rate
on all principal amounts advanced by Lender from time to time and unpaid by
Debtor.

         2.07. Principal Payments.

                  (a) If there are increase(s) in Revolving Credit Aggregate
Commitment (as defined in Credit Agreement), then Debtor shall make a principal
payment(s) on this Note in the amount of the increase(s) in the Revolving Credit
Aggregate Commitment on a dollar for dollar basis until this Note has been paid
in full (but only to the extent such payment(s) shall not constitute an event of
default under the Credit Agreement). The provisions of this Section 2.07(a)
shall apply without regard to the provisions of Section 2.07(b).

                  (b) Provided there are no increases in the Revolving Credit
Aggregate Commitment, if from time-to-time Debtor has the right under the Credit
Agreement to more than three million ($3,000,000) dollars in Advances (as
defined in the Credit Agreement) for a period of not less than one hundred
twenty (120) days, then upon the expiration of the 120 day period Debtor shall
make a principal payment on this Note in an amount equal to the difference
between two million nine hundred thousand ($2,900,000) dollars and the minimum
Advance Debtor then has available under the Credit Agreement with Comerica Bank,
as Agent, during the 120 day period.

                  (c) Debtor shall make all required principal payments by wire
transfer in immediately available funds.

         2.08. Maturity. All outstanding principal, late payment charges,
accrued and unpaid interest, and advances shall be due and payable on the Due
Date.

         2.09. No Pre-Payment Penalty. This Note may be prepaid, in full or in
part, at any time, without any prepayment fee or penalty. All partial
prepayments shall be applied against the last accruing installment or amount due
under this Note and no partial prepayments shall affect the obligation of Debtor
to continue making all payments specified in this Note until the entire unpaid
principal and all accrued interest shall have been paid in full.

         2.10. Balloon Payment. The Debtor acknowledges that the payments
required under this Note may not fully amortize the indebtedness evidenced by
the Note and that the final payment due at the Due Date accordingly may be a
balloon payment comprising all the outstanding principal and interest then due.

         2.11. Use of Proceeds. Debtor agrees the proceeds of the loan evidenced
by this Note shall be paid to Comerica Bank, as Agent, to reduce Debtor's
outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, pursuant to and in
accordance with "Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit Agreement" between Debtor
and Comerica Bank, as Agent.

                              3. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

         3.01. The term "Event of Default" means any of the following: (a) any
failure to pay the entire amount then due (after a grace period, without notice,
of five (5) Banking Days) of any payment due from of the Debtor to Lender under
this Note; (b) any default in the performance of any term, agreement, covenant
or condition contained in this Note after notice and a thirty (30) day
opportunity to cure, which the parties deem to be reasonable; (c) the



                                       2
<PAGE>   3

failure of Debtor promptly to provide Lender with such financial and other
information when requested by the Lender, but in no event more than thirty (30)
days after Lender's request; (d) an Event of Default as defined in Section 9.1
of the Revolving Credit Agreement which is not cured during the applicable cure
period provided by the Revolving Credit Agreement or which is not otherwise
waived by the Agent (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement); (e) if any
representation, warranty, certificate, financial statement or other information
made or given by Debtor to Lender is materially incorrect or misleading or omits
to state any fact necessary to keep the statements from being materially
misleading; (g) if [1] the Debtor becomes insolvent or bankrupt, Debtor fails to
pay its debts as they mature, or Debtor makes a general assignment for the
benefit of, or entering into a composition or arrangement with, creditors; [2]
procedures for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator of Debtor
or of a substantial part of its assets, are authorized or instituted by or
against Debtor; or [3] proceedings under the United States Bankruptcy Code or
other bankruptcy, reorganization, readjustment of debt, insolvency, dissolution,
liquidation or other similar law of any other jurisdiction are authorized or
instituted by or against the Debtor; provided, however, that if the bankruptcy
or insolvency proceedings are involuntary, the Debtor shall have a period of
thirty (30) days after institution of the action to obtain an order dismissing
the action; (h) any judgment in excess of $500,000 issued against Debtor which
shall remain outstanding and unsatisfied, unbonded or unstayed for twenty-one
(21) days after the date of entry of the judgment; (i) any appointment of a
receiver or other proceedings obtained in connection with a judgment obtained
against Debtor; or (j) this Note, shall cease to be a legal, valid, binding
agreement enforceable against any party executing the document in accordance
with the respective terms of the document or shall in any way be terminated or
become or be declared ineffective or inoperative.

         3.02. UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT THE LENDER MAY
DECLARE THE UNPAID BALANCE OF THIS NOTE TO BE IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE
WITHOUT NOTICE TO DEBTOR and upon any such declaration, without notice, the Note
and all other obligations and indebtedness of the Debtor to the Lender, whether
absolute or contingent, direct, present or future, and however evidenced, shall
become and shall be immediately due and payable anything in this Note or any of
the loan documents to the contrary notwithstanding.

                              4. GENERAL PROVISIONS

         4.01. Lender's Attorneys Fees. If: (a) this Note is referred to an
attorney after an Event of Default for collection or enforcement or is collected
or enforced through any legal proceeding; or (b) an attorney is retained to
represent the Lender in any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other
proceedings affecting creditors' rights and involving a claim under this Note or
any loan document, then the Debtor shall pay to the Lender all costs and
expenses and reasonable attorney fees incurred by the Lender in addition to all
other amounts due under this Note.

         4.02. No Waiver. Acceptance by Lender of any payment in an amount less
than the amount then due shall be deemed an acceptance on account only. No
forbearance by Lender in enforcing any of its rights under this Note, nor any
renewal, extension, or modification of any payment to be made under this Note,
nor any acceptance by Lender of any payment in an amount less than the amount
then due under this Note shall constitute a waiver of any of the terms of this
Note or of any of Lender's rights under this Note. The Lender shall not by any
act of omission or commission be deemed to waive any of its rights or remedies
under this Note, or any Event of Default, unless such waiver is in writing and
signed and delivered by an authorized officer of the Lender and then only to the
extent specifically set forth in the writing. No waiver of any Event of Default
shall operate as a waiver of the same Event of Default on a future occasion, or
as a waiver of any other Event of Default.

         4.03. Remedies Cumulative. The rights, remedies, and benefits provided
to the Lender in this Note shall be cumulative, and shall not be exclusive of
any other rights, remedies or benefits allowed by law or equity, and may be
exercised either successively or concurrently.

         4.04. Usury. It is the intention of Debtor and Lender to conform
strictly to state and federal usury laws applicable to this loan transaction in
permitting the highest rate of interest. Accordingly, the aggregate of all
interest as determined under applicable law, chargeable or receivable under this
Note or otherwise in connection with this loan transaction shall under no
circumstances exceed the maximum amount of interest permitted by law. If any
excess of interest in such respect is provided for, or shall be adjudicated to
be so provided for, in this Note, or in any of the documents securing payment of
this Note or otherwise relating to this loan transaction then in such event (a)

                                       3
<PAGE>   4

the provisions of this paragraph shall govern and control, (b) neither the
Debtor nor the Debtor's successors and assigns or any other party liable for the
payment of this Note shall be obligated to pay the amount of such interest to
the extent that it is in excess of the maximum permitted by law and (c) the
Effective Interest Rate shall be automatically subject to reduction to the
maximum lawful contract rate allowed under such laws, as now or subsequently
construed by courts of appropriate jurisdiction.

         4.05. Joint and Several. The term "Lender" includes any holder of this
Note. If more than one party signs, guarantees or acts as a surety for this
Note, then the term "Debtor" shall mean all of them and any one of them and
their obligations under this Note shall be joint and several.

         4.06. Waivers. The Debtor waives valuation and appraisement, demand,
notice of protest or protest, presentment for payment, notice of nonpayment,
dishonor and notice of dishonor and all other notices in connection with the
exercise or enforcement of the Lender's rights or remedies, or any defense by
reason of extension of time, renewals or other indulgences granted by Lender
with respect to the Debtor or any of the collateral securing this Note. Debtor
consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications
that may be granted by the Lender with respect to the payment or other
provisions of this Note and consents to the release of any collateral given to
secure the payment of this Note or of any part thereof, with or without
substitution. Debtor agrees that additional makers, accommodation parties, or
guarantors may become parties to this Note without notice to Debtor or affecting
Debtor's liability under this Note. The liability to Lender of each person or
entity signing this Note shall be absolute and unconditional, without regard to
the liability of any other person or entity.

         4.07. Severability. The invalidity of any of the provisions in this
Note shall not affect any remaining provisions which can be given effect without
the invalid provision. To this end, the provisions of this Note are declared to
be severable.

                                 5. DEFINITIONS

         For the purposes of this Note the following terms will have the
following meanings:

         5.01. "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other
Person or group acting in concert in respect of the first Person that, directly
or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled
by, or is under common control with such first Person. For purposes of this
definition, "control" (including, with correlative meanings, the terms
"controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with respect to any
Person or group of Persons, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies of such
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or
otherwise. Unless otherwise specified to the contrary herein, or the context
requires otherwise, Affiliate shall refer to the Debtor's Affiliates.

         5.02. "Banking Day" means any day in which commercial banks are open
for general banking business in Detroit and New York.

         5.03. "De Minimis Matters" shall mean environmental or other matters,
the existence of which and any liability which may result therefrom, would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition or businesses of the Debtor and its
Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) or on the ability of the Debtor and Subsidiaries
(taken as a whole) to pay their debts, as such debts become due.

         5.04. "Debt" shall mean, as of any applicable date of determination,
all items of indebtedness, obligation or liability of a Person, whether matured
or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or
contingent, joint or several, that should be classified as liabilities in
accordance with GAAP, including without limitation, any items so classified on a
balance sheet and any reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit,
obligations in respect of bankers acceptances, provided, however that for
purposes of calculating the aggregate Debt of such Person and its Subsidiaries
(if any), the direct and indirect and absolute and contingent obligations of
such Person (whether direct or contingent) shall be determined without
duplication.

                                       4
<PAGE>   5

         5.05. "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended, or any successor act or code and the regulations in effect
from time to time thereunder.

         5.06. "Funded Debt" shall mean shall mean for any Person as of any date
of determination, the sum, without duplication, of (a) all indebtedness of such
Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or
services as of such date (other than trade liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business and payable in accordance with customary practices) or which
is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (b) all
obligations of such Person under capitalized leases as of such date, (c) all
obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, acceptances or
similar obligations issued or created for the account of such Person as of such
date, unless such obligations are secured in full by cash or marketable
securities, and (d) all liabilities secured by any lien on any property owned by
such Person as of such date even though such Person has not assumed or otherwise
become liable for the payment thereof, in each case determined in accordance
with GAAP.

         5.07. "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America, as in effect on the date hereof, consistently applied.

         5.08. "Governmental Authority" shall mean all federal, state and
municipal governmental agencies, departments, commissions, boards, courts or
other authorities.

         5.09. "Guarantee Obligation" shall mean as to any Person (the
"guaranteeing person") any obligation of the guaranteeing person in respect of
any obligation of another Person (including, without limitation, any bank under
any letter of credit), the creation of which was induced by a reimbursement
agreement, counter indemnity or similar obligation issued by the guaranteeing
person, in either case guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any Debt, leases,
dividends or other obligations (the "primary obligations") of any other third
Person (the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly,
including, without limitation, any obligation of the guaranteeing person,
whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any
property constituting direct or indirect security therefore, (ii) to advance or
supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or
(2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or
otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to
purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring
the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor
to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold
harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect
thereof; provided, however, that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include
endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of
business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person
shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or
determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee
Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person
may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee
Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such
guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case
the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person's
maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the
Company in good faith.

         5.10. "Guarantor(s)" shall mean each Subsidiary of the Debtor (other
than the Insurance Subsidiaries) and each Person otherwise becoming a Subsidiary
of the Debtor (other than an Insurance Subsidiary) subsequent to the date hereof
or otherwise entering into a Guaranty (by joinder agreement or otherwise) from
time to time and shall as of the date of execution of this Agreement consist of
the Subsidiaries signing the Guaranty.

         5.11. "Guaranty" shall mean the Guaranty dated today to be made by each
of the Guarantors (whether by execution thereof, or by execution of the joinder
agreement attached as "Exhibit A" to the form of such Guaranty) in favor Lender,
as amended or otherwise modified from time to time.

         5.12. "Hazardous Material" shall mean and include any hazardous, toxic
or dangerous waste, substance or material defined as such in (or for purposes
of) the Hazardous Material Laws.

         5.13. "Hazardous Material Law(s)" shall mean all laws, codes,
ordinances, rules, regulations, orders, decrees and directives issued by any
federal, state, provincial, local, foreign or other governmental or

                                       5
<PAGE>   6
quasi-governmental authority or body (or any agency, instrumentality or
political subdivision thereof) pertaining to any hazardous, toxic or dangerous
waste, substance or material on or about any facilities owned, leased or
operated by Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries, or any portion thereof including,
without limitation, those relating to soil, surface, subsurface ground water
conditions and the condition of the ambient air; and any state and local laws
and regulations pertaining to any hazardous, toxic or dangerous waste, substance
or material and/or asbestos; any so-called "superfund" or "superlien" law; and
any other federal, state, provincial, foreign or local statute, law, ordinance,
code, rule, regulation, order or decree regulating, relating to, or imposing
liability or standards of conduct concerning, any hazardous, toxic or dangerous
waste, substance or material, as now or at any time hereafter in effect.

         5.14. "Insurance Subsidiaries" shall mean Savers Property and Casualty
Insurance Company, Star Insurance Company, American Indemnity Insurance Co.
Ltd., Williamsburg National Insurance Company and any other Subsidiary of Debtor
engaged in the issuance of insurance policies.

         5.15. "Interest Rate Protection Agreement" means any interest rate
swap, cap, floor, collar, forward rate agreement, foreign currency agreement or
other rate protection transaction, or any combination of such transaction or
agreements or any option with respect to any such transactions or agreements now
existing or hereafter entered into between Company and any Bank or an Affiliate
of a Bank. (The term "Bank" shall have the same meaning as provided in the
Credit Agreement.)

         5.16. "Internal Revenue Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

         5.17. "Investment" shall mean, when used with respect to any Person,
(a) any loan, investment or advance made by such Person to any other Person
(including, without limitation, any contingent obligation) in respect of any
capital stock, Debt, obligation or liability of such other Person and (b) any
other investment made by such Person (however acquired) in stock or other
ownership interests in any other Person, including, without limitation, any
investment made in exchange for the issuance of shares of stock of such Person.

         5.18. "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect on
(a) the business, operations, property, or financial condition of the Debtor and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Debtor to perform its
obligations under this Note, or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Note.

         5.19. "Material Subsidiary" shall mean each Subsidiary (a) the purchase
price for which was equal to or greater than Two Million Five Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($2,500,000) (including in purchase price debt assumed in connection
with the acquisition or formation of such Subsidiary) or (b) which has annual
revenues equal to or in excess of Four Million Dollars ($4,000,000).

         5.20. "Multiemployer Plan" shall mean a Pension Plan which is a
multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

         5.21. "Pension Plan" shall mean any employee benefit plan or other plan
subject to ERISA which is maintained by the Debtor or any Affiliate for
employees of Debtor or any Affiliate.

         5.22. "Permitted Acquisition" shall mean (i) any acquisition of a
Person within the insurance business for which the purchase price does not
exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) or (ii) any acquisition by the
Debtor or any Subsidiary of all or substantially all of the assets of another
Person, or of a division or line of business of another Person, or shares of
stock or other ownership interests of another Person, which in the case of this
subclause (iii) satisfies and/or is conducted in accordance with the following
requirements:

                  (a) Such acquisition is of a business or Person engaged in a
line of business which is compatible with, or complementary to, the business of
the Debtor and its Subsidiaries;

                  (b) The Debtor shall have delivered to the Lender not less
than thirty (30) nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the date of such
acquisition, notice of such acquisition together with pro forma projected
financial information;

                                       6
<PAGE>   7

                  (c) Both immediately before and after such acquisition no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

                  (d) The board of directors (or other Person(s) exercising
similar functions) of the seller of the assets or issuer of the shares of stock
or other ownership interests being acquired shall not have disapproved such
transaction or recommended that such transaction be disapproved; and

                  (e) The purchase price for such acquisition (including the
assumption of Debt and payments under non-compete agreements) does not exceed
Fifteen Million ($15,000,000) for any single acquisition and the aggregate
purchase price (computed as aforesaid) for all acquisitions during the term of
this Note does not exceed Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000).

         5.23. "Permitted Investments" shall mean with respect to any Person:

                  (a) Governmental Obligations;

                  (b) Obligations of a state of the United States, the District
         of Columbia or any possession of the United States, or any political
         subdivision thereof, which are described in Section 103(a) of the
         Internal Revenue Code and are graded in any of the highest three (3)
         major grades as determined by at least one Rating Agency; or secured,
         as to payments of principal and interest, by a letter of credit
         provided by a financial institution or insurance provided by a bond
         insurance company which in each case is itself or its debt is rated in
         one of the highest three (3) major grades as determined by at least one
         Rating Agency;

                  (c) Banker's acceptances, commercial accounts, demand deposit
         accounts, certificates of deposit, or depository receipts issued by or
         maintained with any Bank or a bank, trust company, savings and loan
         association, savings bank or other financial institution whose deposits
         are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and whose
         reported capital and surplus equal at least $100,000,000, provided that
         such minimum capital and surplus requirement shall not apply to demand
         deposit accounts maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
         in the ordinary course of business;

                  (d) Commercial paper rated at the time of purchase within the
         two highest classifications established by not less than two Rating
         Agencies, and which matures within 270 days after the date of issue;

                  (e) Secured repurchase agreements against obligations itemized
         in paragraph (a) above, and executed by a bank or trust company or by
         members of the association of primary dealers or other recognized
         dealers in United States government securities, the market value of
         which must be maintained at levels at least equal to the amounts
         advanced;

                  (f) Any fund or other pooling arrangement which exclusively
         purchases and holds the investments itemized in (a) through (e) above;

                  (g) Securities held in its investment portfolio;

                  (h) Equity interests in entities which are not Subsidiaries to
         the extent not exceeding $2,500,000 in the aggregate.

         5.24. "Permitted Liens" shall mean with respect to any Person:

                  (a) Liens for taxes not yet due or which are being contested
         in good faith by appropriate proceedings, provided that adequate
         reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of such
         Person in conformity with GAAP;

                  (b) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's,
         repairmen's, landlord's liens or other like Liens arising in the
         ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a

                                       7
<PAGE>   8

         period of more than 60 days or which are being contested in good faith
         by appropriate proceedings;

                  (c) pledges or deposits in connection with workers'
         compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security
         legislation and deposits securing liability to insurance carriers under
         insurance or self-insurance arrangements;

                  (d) deposits to secure (i) the performance of bids, trade
         contracts (other than for borrowed money), statutory obligations,
         surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a
         like nature or (ii) the performance of leases permitted hereunder, in
         each case given or incurred on terms, in amounts and otherwise in the
         ordinary course of business;

                  (e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar
         encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business which, in the
         aggregate, are not substantial in amount and which do not in any case
         materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or
         materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of such
         Person; and

(f) Liens in favor of Comerica Bank, in its individual capacity and not as
Issuing Bank, to secure obligations with respect to letters of credit issued by
Comerica Bank for the benefit of such Person (but the total amount of such
obligations shall be subject to the provisions of ss.8.06).

         5.25. "Person" shall mean a natural person, corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, limited liability partnership, trust,
incorporated or unincorporated organization, joint venture, joint stock company,
or a government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or other entity
of any kind.

         5.26. "Regulatory Agency" shall mean any state board, commission,
department or other regulatory body which regulates insurance companies or
insurance holding companies.

         5.27. "Requirement of Law" shall mean as to any Person, the certificate
of incorporation and bylaws, the partnership agreement or other organizational
or governing documents of such Person and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or
determination of an arbitration or a court or other Governmental Authority, in
each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to
which such Person or any of its property is subject.

         5.28. "Responsible Officer" shall mean the chief executive officer or
the president of the Debtor, or any other officer having substantially the same
authority and responsibility; or with respect to compliance with financial
covenants, the chief financial officer or the treasurer of the Debtor, or any
other officer having substantially the same authority and responsibility.

         5.29. "SAP" shall mean statutory accounting principals formulated by
the NAIC and permitted under the laws of Michigan or with respect to any
Insurance Subsidiary not incorporated under the laws of Michigan under the laws
of such Subsidiary's place of incorporation.

         5.30. "Subordinated Debt" shall mean Debt of the Debtor which has been
subordinated in right of payment and priority to Debt in favor of the Banks (as
that term is defined in the Credit Agreement).

         5.31. "Subsidiary(ies)" shall mean any other corporation, association,
joint stock company, business trust, limited liability company or any other
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting
stock, share capital, membership or other interests, as the case may be, is
owned either directly or indirectly by any Person or one or more of its
Subsidiaries, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by any Person and/or its
Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified to the contrary herein, Subsidiary(ies)
shall refer to the Debtor's Subsidiary(ies).

                                       8
<PAGE>   9

                        6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         Debtor represents and warrants and such representations and warranties
shall be deemed to be continuing representations and warranties until the final
payment in full of this Note and the performance by Debtor of all other
obligations under this Note:

         6.01. Corporate Authority. Debtor is a corporation duly organized and
existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Michigan; each
Subsidiary is a corporation or other business entity duly organized and existing
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation; and
each of the Debtor and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified and authorized to do
business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the character of
its assets or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary
and where failure to be so qualified would have a material adverse effect on
their respective businesses.

         6.02. Due Authorization - Debtor. Execution, delivery and performance
of this Note by Debtor are within its corporate powers, have been duly
authorized, are not in contravention of law or the terms of the Debtor's
organizational documents and, except as have been previously obtained do not
require the consent or approval, material to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, of any governmental body, agency or
authority.

         6.03. Due Authorization - Guarantors. Execution, delivery and
performance of the Guaranty are within the corporate powers or limited liability
company of each such Guarantor, have been duly authorized, are not in
contravention of law or the terms of such Guarantor's organizational documents,
and, except as have been previously obtained do not require the consent or
approval of any governmental body, agency or authority not previously obtained.

         6.04. Taxes. Debtor and each of its Subsidiaries has filed on or before
their respective due dates or within the applicable grace periods, all federal,
state and foreign tax returns which are required to be filed or has obtained
extensions for filing such tax returns and is not delinquent in filing such
returns in accordance with such extensions and has paid all taxes which have
become due pursuant to those returns or pursuant to any assessments received by
any such party, as the case may be, to the extent such taxes have become due,
except to the extent such tax payments are being actively contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate provision
has been made on the books of Debtor or such Subsidiary as may be required by
GAAP.

         6.05. No Defaults. There exists no material default under the
provisions of any instrument evidencing any indebtedness for borrowed money of
the Debtor or any Subsidiary which has not been waived.

         6.06. Enforceability of Note. This Note has been duly executed and
delivered by its duly authorized officers and constitute the valid and binding
obligations of Debtor, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms,
except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization,


                                       9
<PAGE>   10

insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditor's rights, generally and by general principles of equity
(regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in law or
equity).

         6.07. Enforceability of Guaranty. The Guaranty has been duly executed
and delivered by the duly authorized officers or members or managers, as the
case may be, of the Guarantors and constitute the valid and binding obligations
of such Guarantors, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms,
except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditor's rights, generally and by general
principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a
proceeding in law or equity).

         6.08. Compliance with Laws. The Debtor and each of its Subsidiaries has
complied with all applicable federal, state and local laws, ordinances, codes,
rules, regulations and guidelines (including consent decrees and administrative
orders) except to the extent that failure to comply therewith would not
materially interfere with the conduct of the business of Debtor and each of the
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or would not have a Material Adverse Effect;
except for such matters as are not likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, and
except as set forth in an attached Schedule there have been no past, and there
is no pending or threatened, litigation, action, proceeding or controversy
affecting the Debtor or any of the Subsidiaries, and no pending or threatened
complaint, notice or inquiry to the Debtor or any of the Subsidiaries, regarding
potential liability of the Debtor or any of the Subsidiaries, or any officer,
director, agent or employee of the Debtor or any of the Subsidiaries; and, to
the knowledge of the Debtor, no facts or situation exists that could form the
basis for any such litigation, action, proceeding, controversy, complaint,
notice or inquiry.

         6.09. Non-contravention -- Note. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Note is not in contravention of the terms of any indenture,
agreement or undertaking to which Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries is a party
or by which its or their properties are bound or affected where such violation
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         6.10. Non-contravention -- Guaranty. The execution, delivery and
performance of the Guaranty is not in contravention of the terms of any
indenture, agreement or undertaking to which any Guarantor or Debtor is a party
or by which it or its properties are bound or affected where such violation
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         6.11. No Litigation. Except for De Minimis Matters or as set forth on
Schedule 6.11, attached, there is no suit, action, proceeding, including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy proceeding, or governmental investigation
pending against or to the knowledge of Debtor, affecting Debtor or any
Subsidiary (other

                                       10
<PAGE>   11

than any suit, action or proceeding in which Debtor or such Subsidiary is the
plaintiff and in which no counterclaim or cross-claim against Debtor or such
Subsidiary has been filed), nor has Debtor or any Subsidiary or any of its or
their officers, members, managers, or directors, as the case may be, been
subject to any suit, action, proceeding or governmental investigation as a
result of which any such officer, member, manager or director is or may be
entitled to indemnification by Debtor or a Subsidiary, as applicable, which
suits, if resolved adversely to Debtor, such Guarantor or such Subsidiary, are
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on an
attached Schedule, there is not outstanding against Debtor or any Subsidiary any
judgment, decree, injunction, rule, or order of any court, government,
department, commission, agency, instrumentality or arbitrator nor is Debtor or
any Subsidiary in violation of any applicable law, regulation, ordinance, order,
injunction, decree or requirement of any governmental body or court where such
violation would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         6.12. Consents, Approvals and Filings, Etc. Except as have been
previously obtained, no authorization, consent, approval, license, qualification
or formal exemption from, nor any filing, declaration or registration with, any
court, governmental agency or regulatory authority or any securities exchange or
any other person or party (whether or not governmental) is required in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance: (i) by Debtor of this
Note; (ii) by any Guarantor, of the Guaranty. All such authorizations, consents,
approvals, licenses, qualifications, exemptions, filings, declarations and
registrations which have previously been obtained or made, as the case may be,
are in full force and effect and are not the subject of any attack, or to the
knowledge of Debtor threatened attack (in any material respect) by appeal or
direct proceeding or otherwise.

         6.13. Agreements Affecting Financial Condition. Neither the Debtor nor
any Subsidiary is party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any charter
or other corporate restriction which has a Material Adverse Effect.

         6.14. No Investment Company or Margin Stock. Neither the Debtor nor any
Subsidiary is an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Neither the Debtor nor any Subsidiary is
engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, directly or
indirectly, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying margin stock.

         6.15. ERISA. Neither Debtor nor any Subsidiary maintains or contributes
to any Pension Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, and there is no accumulated
funding deficiency within the meaning of ERISA, or any existing liability with
respect to any of the Pension Plans owed to the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation or any successor thereto, and no "reportable event" or "prohibited
transaction", as defined in ERISA, has occurred with respect to any Pension
Plan,


                                       11
<PAGE>   12

and all such Pension Plans are in material compliance with the requirements of
the Internal Revenue Code and ERISA.

         6.16. Conditions Affecting Business or Properties. Neither the
respective businesses nor the properties of Debtor nor any Subsidiary is
affected by any fire, explosion, accident, strike, lockout or other dispute,
drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, Act of God or other casualty (whether
or not covered by insurance).

         6.17. Environmental and Safety Matters. Except as set forth in an
attached Schedule and except for such matters as are not likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect:

                  (a) all facilities and property (including underlying
groundwater) owned or leased by the Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries, have
been, and continue to be, owned or leased by the Debtor and the Subsidiaries in
material compliance with all Hazardous Material Laws;

                  (b) to the best knowledge of the Debtor, there have been no
past, and there are no pending or threatened

                           (i)claims, complaints, notices or requests for
         information received by the Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries with
         respect to any alleged violation of any Hazardous Material Law, or

                           (ii)complaints, notices or inquiries to the Debtor or
         any of its Subsidiaries regarding potential liability under any
         Hazardous Material Law; and

                  (c) no conditions exist at, on or under any property now or
previously owned or leased by the Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries which, with
the passage of time, or the giving of notice or both, would give rise to
liability under any Hazardous Material Law.

         6.18. Subsidiaries. As of the this date, the Debtor has no Subsidiaries
(other than Insurance Subsidiaries) which are not parties to the Guaranty.

         6.19. Liens. There are no security interest in, liens, mortgages, or
other encumbrances on and no financing statements on file with respect to any of
the property owned, pledged, mortgaged or otherwise encumbered (or to be
encumbered) by Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries except for Liens permitted
pursuant to Section 8.2 of the Credit Agreement and those liens disclosed in
Schedule 6.19, attached.

         6.20. Accuracy of Information. (a) Each of the Debtor's financial
statements previously furnished to Lender has been prepared in accordance with
GAAP and is complete and correct in all material respects and fairly presents
(subject to year-end audit adjustments in the case of interim statements) the
financial condition of Debtor and the results of its operations for the periods
covered thereby.

                  (b) Since December 31, 1999 there has been no material adverse
change in the financial condition of Debtor or its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole; to the best knowledge of Debtor, neither Debtor nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any contingent obligations (including any liability for taxes)
not disclosed by or reserved against in the December 31, 1999 balance sheets, as
applicable, and at the present time there are no unrealized or anticipated


                                       12
<PAGE>   13

losses from any present commitment of Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries which in
the aggregate is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                            7. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

         Debtor covenants and agrees that it will, and, as applicable, it will
cause each of its Subsidiaries, until the final payment in full of this Note and
the performance by the Debtor of all other obligations under this Note:

         7.01. Financial Statements. Furnish to the Lender:

                  (a) as soon as available and in any event within one hundred
twenty (120) days after the end of each of Debtor's fiscal years, (i) a copy of
Debtor's consolidated financial statements for each fiscal year including
consolidated balance sheets as of the end of such fiscal year and related
consolidated statements of income and retained earnings for such fiscal year,
each prepared in accordance with GAAP, cash flows, and audited by independent
certified public accountants selected by Debtor and (ii) a copy of Debtor's
consolidating financial statements for each fiscal year including consolidating
balance sheets as of the end of such fiscal year and related consolidating
statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings for such fiscal year,
each prepared in accordance with GAAP and certified by an officer of Debtor;

                  (b) as soon as available and in any event within sixty (60)
days after the end of each fiscal quarter, a copy of Debtor's consolidated and
consolidating financial statements for such fiscal quarter, including
consolidated and consolidating balance sheets as of the end of such fiscal
quarter and the related statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings
for such fiscal quarter, each prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and practices consistently applied and certified (subject
to year-end audit adjustments) by an officer of Debtor;

                  (c) as soon as available and in any event within forty five
(45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter (excluding the fourth fiscal
quarter of each fiscal year), a copy of each Insurance Subsidiary's financial
statements for such fiscal quarter, including a balance sheet as of the end of
such fiscal quarter and the related statements of income, cash flows and
retained earnings for such fiscal quarter, each prepared in accordance with SAP
and certified by an officer of the applicable Insurance Subsidiary;

                  (d) as soon as available and in any event within one hundred
twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of each Insurance
Subsidiary, a copy of such Insurance Subsidiary's financial statements for such
fiscal year, including a balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year and the
related statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings for such fiscal
year, each prepared in accordance with SAP and certified by an officer of the
applicable Insurance Subsidiary;

                  (e) as soon as available, copies of all financial statements
related to Debtor and/or any of its Subsidiaries filed with any Regulatory
Agency;

                  (f) copies of Debtor's reports on Form 8-K (as soon as
available), 10-Q (within sixty days after the end of each fiscal quarter of
Debtor) and 10-K (within one hundred twenty days after the end of each fiscal
year of Debtor) filed with the federal Securities and Exchange Commission;

                  (g) as soon as available and to the extent not previously
furnished to Lender, copies of all reports with respect to Debtor and/or any of
its Subsidiaries prepared by any Regulatory Agency or rating agency;

all such financial statements to be complete and correct in all material
respects and to be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP, or
SAP, as applicable, throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior
periods (except as approved by such officer and disclosed therein).

         7.02. Financial Compliance Certificate. Furnish to Lender within sixty
days after and as of the end of each quarter, a Financial Compliance Certificate
substantially in the form of Schedule 7.02, attached.

                                       13
<PAGE>   14

         7.03. Payment of Obligations. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or
before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all of its
material obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity
thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on
the books of the Debtor.

         7.04. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence.

                  (a) Continue to engage solely in the business as now conducted
by it and preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its existence;

                  (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights,
privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its
business except as otherwise permitted pursuant to; and

                  (c) comply with this Note and Requirements of Law, except to
the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         7.05. Maintenance of Property; Insurance. Keep all property useful and
necessary in its business in good working order and maintain insurance coverage
on its physical assets and against other business risks in such amounts and of
such types as are customarily carried by companies similar in size and nature
(including without limitation casualty and public liability and property damage
insurance), and in the event of acquisition of additional property, real or
personal, or of incurrence of additional risks of any nature, increase such
insurance coverage in such manner and to such extent as prudent business
judgment and present practice or any applicable Requirements of Law would
dictate.

         7.06. Notices. Promptly, but in no event more than five (5) Banking
Days, give written notice to the Lender of:

                  (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default of which the Debtor
or any Subsidiaries has knowledge;

                  (b) any litigation, investigation or proceeding which may
exist at any time between the Debtor or any Subsidiary and any Governmental
Authority, which in either case, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the
case may be, would have a Material Adverse Effect;

                  (c) the following events, as soon as possible and in any event
within 30 days after the Debtor knows or has reason to know thereof: (i) the
occurrence or expected occurrence of any "reportable event" as defined in ERISA
with respect to any Pension Plan, or any withdrawal from or the termination,
reorganization or insolvency of any Multiemployer Plan or (ii) the institution
of proceedings or the taking of any other action by the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation or the Debtor or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to the
withdrawal from or the terminating, reorganization or insolvency of any Pension
Plan;

                  (d) a material adverse change in the business, operations,
property, or financial condition of the Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole;

                  (e) promptly after becoming aware of the taking by the
Internal Revenue Service or any foreign taxing jurisdiction of a written tax
position which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
upon the Debtor (or any such tax position taken by the Debtor) setting forth the
details of such position and the financial impact thereof.


                                       14
<PAGE>   15
Each notice pursuant to this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a
Responsible Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein
and stating what action the Debtor proposes to take with respect thereto.

         7.07. Hazardous Material Laws.

         (a) Use and operate all of its facilities and properties in material
compliance with all material Hazardous Material Laws, keep all necessary
permits, approvals, certificates, licenses and other authorizations relating to
environmental matters in effect and remain in material compliance therewith, and
handle all Hazardous Materials in material compliance with all applicable
Hazardous Material Laws;

         (b) Promptly notify Lender and provide copies upon receipt of all
written claims, complaints, notices or inquiries received by the Debtor or any
of its Subsidiaries of a material nature relating to its facilities and
properties or compliance with Hazardous Material Laws, and shall promptly cure
and have dismissed with prejudice to the satisfaction of the Lender any actions
and proceedings relating to compliance with Hazardous Material Laws to which the
Debtor or any of its Subsidiaries is named as a party;

         (c) Provide such information and certifications which Lender may
reasonably request from time to time to evidence compliance with this Section.

         7.08. Taxes. Pay and discharge all taxes and other governmental
charges, and all material contractual obligations calling for the payment of
money, before the same shall become overdue, unless and to the extent only that
such payment is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and is
reserved for, as required by GAAP on its balance sheet, or where the failure to
pay any such matter could not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         7.09. Governmental and Other Approvals. Apply for, obtain and/or
maintain in effect, as applicable, all authorizations, consents, approvals,
licenses, qualifications, exemptions, filings, declarations and registrations
(whether with any court, governmental agency, regulatory authority, securities
exchange or otherwise) which are necessary in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance: (i) by Debtor, of this Note; and (ii) by each of the
Subsidiaries, of the Guaranty.

         7.10. Compliance with ERISA. Comply in all material respects with all
requirements imposed by ERISA as presently in effect or hereafter promulgated or
the Internal Revenue Code, including, but not limited to, the minimum funding
requirements of any Pension Plan.

         7.11. ERISA Notices. Promptly notify Lender upon the occurrence of any
of the following events:

                  (a) the termination of any Pension Plan subject to Subtitle C
of Title IV of ERISA;

                  (b) the appointment of a trustee by a United States District
Court to administer any Pension Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA;

                  (c) the commencement by the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation, or any successor thereto, of any proceeding to terminate any
Pension Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA;

                                       15
<PAGE>   16

                  (d) the failure of the Debtor or any Subsidiary to make any
payment in respect of any Pension Plan required under Section 412 of the
Internal Revenue Code;

                  (e) the withdrawal of the Debtor or any Subsidiary from any
multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA; or

                  (f) the occurrence of a "reportable event" which is required
to be reported by the Debtor under Section 4043 of ERISA or a "prohibited
transaction" as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal
Revenue Code which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         7.12. Future Subsidiaries.

         With respect to each Person which becomes a Material Subsidiary
subsequent to the date of this Note (other than an Insurance Subsidiary), on the
date such new Material Subsidiary is created or acquired, cause such new
Material Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Lender, a joinder agreement
whereby such Material Subsidiary becomes obligated as a Guarantor under the
Guaranty.

                              8. NEGATIVE COVENANTS

         Debtor covenants and agrees that, until the final payment in full of
this Note and the performance by Debtor and the Subsidiaries of all other
obligations under this Note, it will not, and will not permit any of the
Subsidiaries, to:

         8.01. Limitation on Mergers, or Sale of Assets. Enter into any merger
or consolidation or convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose
of any of its property, business or assets (including, without limitation,
receivables and leasehold interests), whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
except:

                  (a) inventory leased or sold in the ordinary course of
business;

                  (b) obsolete or worn out property, property no longer useful
in the conduct of Debtor's or any Subsidiary's business or property from closed
offices, in each case disposed of in the ordinary course of business; and

                  (c) mergers in which the Debtor (if the Debtor is a party
thereto) or a Subsidiary is the surviving corporation and which otherwise meet
the definition of "Permitted Acquisition".

         8.02. Restricted Payments. Declare or make, or permit any Subsidiary
to, declare or make any distributions, dividend, payment or other distribution
of assets, properties, cash, rights, obligations or securities (collectively,
"Distributions") on account of any membership interests or any shares of any
class of its capital stock, as applicable, or purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire for value any membership interests or any shares of its capital stock,
as applicable, or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such shares or
membership interests, now or hereafter outstanding; except:

                  (a) Debtor's Subsidiaries may make Distributions to Debtor;

                  (b) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing or would occur after giving effect thereto, Distributions by
Debtor to its shareholders during any single fiscal year (together with
redemptions of Debtor's stock during such fiscal year) not exceeding five
percent (5%) of Debtor's contributed


                                       16
<PAGE>   17

equity capital (determined in accordance with GAAP) determined as of the last
day of the fiscal year preceding such fiscal year.

         8.03. Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction,
including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property
or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate of the Debtor or any
Subsidiary unless such transaction is otherwise permitted under this Note, is in
the ordinary course of the Debtor's or such Subsidiary's business and is upon
fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Debtor or such Subsidiary
than it would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person not a
Subsidiary.

         8.04. Reinsurance Contracts. Enter into any reinsurance contract with
any Person for an amount that exceeds 10% of the aggregate dollar value of such
reinsurance contract unless such Person (i) has a rating of at least A- as
determined by A.M. Best Company, (ii) has a rating of at least A by Standard &
Poor's, (iii) is a syndicate in Lloyds of London or (iv) is a reinsurer which
has provided security to collateralize its obligations in compliance with
applicable insurance regulations.

         8.05. Investment Portfolio. Permit or suffer any material change in
either the quality of its investments or its investment policies.

         8.06. Limitation on Debt. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
Debt, except:


                  a. Indebtedness in respect of the Notes, the Letters of Credit
         and other obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary under the Credit
         Agreement not exceeding $50,000,000 through September 30, 2000 and not
         exceeding $40,000,000 thereafter (unless otherwise consented to by
         Lender in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
         delayed).


                  b. any Debt of Debtor existing as of this date (other than the
         Indebtedness to Comerica Bank, as Agent under the Credit Agreement
         which is permitted only to the extent set forth in ss. 8.06 (a)) and
         any renewals or refinancing of such Debt in amounts not exceeding the
         scheduled amounts (less any required amortization according to the
         terms thereof), on substantially the same terms and otherwise in
         compliance with this Agreement;

                  c. Debt of the Company or a Subsidiary other than pursuant to
         ss. 8.06 (a) and ss. 8.06 (b) to finance the acquisition of fixed or
         capital assets(whether pursuant to a loan or a Capitalized Lease) in an
         aggregate amount not exceeding $2,000,000 at any time outstanding, and
         any renewals or refinancing of such Debt in amounts not exceeding the
         scheduled amounts (less any required amortization according to the
         terms thereof), on substantially the same terms and otherwise in
         compliance with this Agreement;

                  d. Debt in respect of taxes, assessments or governmental
         charges to the extent that payment thereof shall not at the time be
         required to be made in accordance with ss. 7.08;

                  e. Debt in respect to letters of credit issued by Comerica
         Bank in its individual capacity and not as Issuing Bank in favor of
         Company or any of its Subsidiaries (but only to the extent such
         indebtedness, when aggregated with the Revolving Credit Aggregate
         Commitment, shall not exceed the caps set forth in ss. 8.06 (a));

                                       17
<PAGE>   18

                  f. current unsecured trade, utility or nonextraordinary
         accounts payable (including without limitation, short term Debt owed to
         vendors) arising in the ordinary course of Company's or such
         Subsidiary's businesses;

                  g. Subordinated Debt not exceeding $10,000,000 in the
         aggregate and subject to the condition that such other Subordinated
         Debt is pari passu with Debtor's indebtedness to Lender;

                  h. Indebtedness under any Interest Rate Protection Agreements;

                  i. intercompany loans from the Company to wholly owned
         Subsidiaries, but only to the extent permitted under the applicable
         terms and limitations of the Credit Agreement;

                  j. Funded Debt assumed pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition,
         provided that such Debt was not entered into, extended or renewed in
         contemplation of such acquisition (including Debt secured by Liens
         permitted by ss.8.06 (c)), provided that the aggregate amount of all
         such Debt shall not exceed $6,000,000 (excluding in such calculation
         the letter of credit assumed in connection with the Pending
         Acquisition) at any one time outstanding;

                  k. additional Debt not exceeding $600,000 in aggregate
         principal amount at any one time outstanding.

                  l. Indebtedness by Liberty Premium Financing, Inc. ("Liberty")
         of up to $6,000,000 under a working capital line of credit secured by a
         lien on the premium receivables of Liberty.

         8.07. Limitation on Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, except for:

                  a. Permitted Liens;

                  b. Liens securing Debt permitted by ss.8.06 (c) incurred to
         finance the acquisition of fixed or capital assets, provided that (i)
         such Liens shall be created substantially simultaneously with the
         acquisition of such fixed or capital assets, (ii) such Liens do not at
         any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such
         Debt, (iii) the amount of Debt secured thereby is not increased and
         (iv) the principal amount of Debt secured by any such Lien shall at no
         time exceed 100% of the original purchase price of such property;

                  c. any Lien securing indebtedness assumed pursuant to a
         Permitted Acquisition, provided that such Lien is limited to the
         property so acquired, and was not entered into, extended or renewed in
         contemplation of such acquisition;

                  d. Liens in favor of Agent, under the Credit Agreement as
         security for the Indebtedness as defined in the Credit Agreement);

                  e. attachments, judgments and other similar Liens, for sums
         not exceeding, in the aggregate, $500,000 (excluding any portion
         thereof which is covered by adequate insurance with a reputable carrier
         and which insurer has accepted a tender of defense and indemnification
         without reservation of rights) arising in connection with court
         proceedings, provided that the execution or other enforcement of such
         Liens is effectively stayed and claims secured thereby are being
         actively contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings);

                  f. other Liens, existing on the Effective Date, set forth on
         Schedule 6.19.

                                       18
<PAGE>   19

         8.08. Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. Create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Guarantee Obligation except pursuant to the Revolving Credit
Loan Documents or this Note; guarantees of debts of Affiliates in the ordinary
course of business or guarantees set forth in Schedule 8.08, attached.

         8.09. Acquisitions. Other than Permitted Acquisitions, purchase or
otherwise acquire or become obligated for the purchase of all or substantially
all or any material portion of the assets or business interests of any Person,
firm or corporation, or any shares of stock (or other ownership interests) of
any corporation, trusteeship or association, or any business or going concern,
or in any other manner effectuate or attempt to effectuate an expansion of
present business by acquisition.

         8.10. Limitation on Investments, Loans and Advances. Make any advance,
loan, extension of credit or capital contribution to, or purchase any stock,
bonds, notes, debentures or other securities, of or any assets constituting a
business unit of, or make any other investment in, any Person, except:

                  (a) Permitted Investments;

                  (b) extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of
         business;

                  (c) (i) loans and advances to officers and employees for
         relocation expenses which are required to be repaid within one year of
         the date made and (ii) other loans and advances to officers and
         employees of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of
         business in an aggregate amount, not to exceed $250,000 at any one time
         outstanding; and

                  (d) intercompany loans, advances or Investments to Company's
         Subsidiaries;

                  (e) Permitted Acquisitions permitted pursuant to ss. 8.09.

                  (f) Loan disclosed on Schedule 8.10.

In valuing any Investments for the purpose of applying the limitations set forth
in this ss .8.10 (except as otherwise expressly provided herein), such
Investment shall be taken at the original cost thereof, without allowance for
any subsequent write-offs or appreciation or depreciation, but less any amount
repaid or recovered on account of capital or principal.

         8.11. Prepayment of Debts. Prepay, purchase, redeem or defease any Debt
for money borrowed or any capital leases excluding, (a) prepayments of Debtor's
outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, (b) prepayments of this
Note and (c) prepayments, purchases and redemptions of Debt in an aggregate
amount not exceeding $500,000 during any single fiscal year of Company.

         8.12. Limitations on subordinated Debt. Amend or modify any document
evidencing Debt subordinate to the indebtedness evidenced by this Note (which is
not 'Subordinated Debt'), or make any payment with respect to such subordinated
Debt (which is not 'Subordinated Debt') except for regularly scheduled payments
of principal and interest.



                             19
<PAGE>   20

                               9. INDEMNIFICATION

         Debtor shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold Lender and its officers,
directors, employees, counsel, agents and attorneys-in-fact (each , an
"Indemnified Person") harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law from and
against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations,
proceedings, and damages, and all reasonably attorneys fees and disbursements
and other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith as and
when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought, at any time
asserted against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them in connection with or
as a result of or related to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance,
and administration of this Note and any other related documents, or the
transactions contemplated herein, and with respect to any investigation,
litigation, or proceeding related to this Note, any other related document, or
the use of the proceeds of the credit provided hereunder, irrespective of
whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, or any act, omission, event
or circumstance in any manner related thereto, all of the foregoing,
collectively, the "Indemnified Liabilities". Debtor shall have no obligation to
any Indemnified Person with respect to any Indemnified Liability that a court of
competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. This provision
shall survive the termination of this Note and the repayment of the debt.

                                 10. ASSIGNMENT

         This Note shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective
successors and assigns of each of the parties; provided, however, that Debtor
may not assign this Note or any rights or duties hereunder without Lender's
prior written consent and any prohibited assignment shall be void. No consent by
Lender to an assignment of this Note shall release Debtor from its obligations
hereunder. Lender may assign this Note and its right and duties hereunder and no
consent or approval by Debtor is required in connection with any such
assignment. Lender reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or
grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in Lender's rights
and benefits hereunder. To the extent that Lender assigns its rights and
obligations hereunder to a third person, Lender thereafter shall be released
from such assigned obligations to Debtor and such assignment shall effect a
novation between the Debtor and such third person.

                                    11. VENUE

         All actions or proceedings arising in connection with this Note and the
other related documents shall be tried and litigated only in the State and
Federal courts located in the County of New York, State of New York, or, at the
sole option of the Lender, in any other court in which Lender shall initiate
legal or equitable proceedings and which has subject matter jurisdiction over
the matter in controversy. The Debtor hereby waives to the extent permitted by
applicable law, any right it may have to assert the doctrine of forum non
conveniens or to object to venue to the extent any proceeding is brought in
accordance with this provision.

                                12. NEW YORK LAW

         This Note has been delivered for value in New York, and shall be deemed
executed in the State of New York. The liability of the Debtor shall be governed
by, construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of New York.

                              13. SUBORDINATED DEBT

               THE INDEBTEDNESS EVIDENCED BY THIS INSTRUMENT
               IS SUBORDINATED TO THE PRIOR PAYMENT IN CASH
               IN FULL OF THE SENIOR INDEBTEDNESS (AS
               DEFINED IN THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT
               BETWEEN THE PAYEE HEREOF AND COMERICA BANK,
               AS AGENT, DATED AS OF JULY 27, 2000) PURSUANT
               TO, AND TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED IN, THE
               SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT BY DEBTOR AND THE
               PAYEE HEREOF IN FAVOR OF COMERICA BANK, AS
               AGENT.

                             20
<PAGE>   21

                            14. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

         LENDER AND DEBTOR KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTELLIGENTLY WAIVE ALL
CONSTITUTIONAL AND ALL OTHER RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM (1) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THIS NOTE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THIS NOTE, (2)
RELATING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO TRANSACTIONS UNDER THIS NOTE, OR (3) WHICH
RELATES IN ANY WAY TO THE CONDUCT OF THE LOAN OR ANY OTHER RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN
DEBTOR AND LENDER. LENDER AND DEBTOR AGREE THAT ANY LITIGATION BETWEEN OR AMONG
DEBTOR AND LENDER SHALL BE HEARD BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION SITTING
WITHOUT A JURY. LENDER AND DEBTOR SHALL NOT ATTEMPT TO CIRCUMVENT THIS WAIVER BY
SEEKING TO CONSOLIDATE LAWSUITS, OR BY ANY OTHER PROCEDURE.


Witness:                              "DEBTOR"

_________________________             MEADOWBROOK INSURANCE GROUP, INC.,
                                      a Michigan corporation


                                      By:__________________________________
                                         William J. Lohmeyer III
                                         Its: Senior Vice President and Chief
                                              Financial Officer
                                      Federal Tax I.D. No.:  38-2626206


                                      Accepted:

                                      ATLANTIC MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY,
                                      a New York corporation


                                      By:__________________________________
                                      Cornelius E. Golding
                                      Senior Vice President & Chief
                                      Financial Officer





                             21
<PAGE>   22
                                   SCHEDULE 1

                        MEADOWBROOK INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

                     COVENANT COMPLIANCE REPORTING WORKSHEET
                               AS OF JUNE 30, 2000

I.  DEFINITIONS/CALCULATIONS

    Funded Debt

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Defined as the Sum of:
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                                                <C>        <C>
             Outstanding balance under $60MM Facility
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      +      Short & Long term contract debt and lease obligations
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      +      Letters of Credit (except those secured by cash or marketable securities)
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL FUNDED DEBT:                                                                                             A          0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Adj. EBITDA:
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      +     EBITDA from MIG (Holding Co. only)                                                                                0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      +     EBITDA from Meadowbrook, Inc.; Crest, ASI, TPA; and any unregulated subsidiaries                                  0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      +     50%  EBITDA from American Indemnity Insurance Co. LTD                                                             0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      +     100% of amount available for distribution to MIG from Star and insurance subs not owned by Star                   0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      +     Cash dividends paid by Star and insurance subs not owned by Star                                                  0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL ADJUSTED EBITDA:                                                                                         B          0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Adjusted EBITDA is calculated on a rolling four quarter basis:
<CAPTION>
                                                             (A)           (B)         (C)            (D)               (A-D)
    Period                                                  Q399          Q499         Q100          Q200               Total
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>                <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
    EBITDA from:
                                                                                                                  ----------------
    MIG (Holding Co. only)                                                                                                      0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------   ----------------
    Mead., Inc., ASI, Crest & and any unreg. subs.                                                                              0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------   ----------------
    50% of American Indemnity                                                                                                   0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------   ----------------
    Amount available for distribution from Star & ins
       subs not owned by Star                                                   0            0               0                  0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------   ----------------
    Distribution from insurance subsidiaries                       0            0            0               0                  0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------   ----------------
    TOTAL ADJUSTED EBITDA                                          0            0            0               0                  0
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------------
</TABLE>
    Note: At first repricing date after an acquisition, neither EBITDA of the
    acquired company nor funded debt associated with the acquisition will be
    factored into the calculation. At subsequent repricings (during first twelve
    months of acquisition), the aforementioned funded debt and EBITDA
    (annualized) will be included in the calculation.



II. SECTION 7.11A MINIMUM STATUTORY SURPLUS-STAR AND ANY INSURANCE SUBSIDIARY
NOT OWNED BY STAR

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            STAR                              OTHER
                                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>                       <C>          <C>
    Surplus at 3-31-99 x.85
                                                       -----------------------------------------------
      +    Capital contributions and equity insurance
                                                       -----------------------------------------------
      +    proceeds from 4-1-99 & thereafter
                                                       -----------------------------------------------
                              Required                           0               0                0
                                                       -----------------------------------------------
                              Actual
                                                       -----------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                       22
<PAGE>   23


II. SECTION 7.9 MINIMUM BASE NET WORTH

    Tested: Quarterly
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                                                    <C>            <C>
    Defined at end of quarter to be tested as:
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    GAAP net book value of all Meadowbrook Insurance Group Inc. and subsidiaries
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Required Net Worth:
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Base GAAP Net Worth
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    +   75% of cumulative consolidated GAAP net income from 6/30/99 and thereafter                                    0
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    +   100% of cash proceeds of equity issued
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total Required                                                                                                    0
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       Actual:
</TABLE>



III. SECTION 7.12 MAXIMUM FUNDED DEBT/ TOTAL CAPITALIZATION

    Tested on a rolling 4 quarter basis
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                          <C>          <C>
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL FUNDED DEBT:                                                                                       A                  0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Divided by the sum of
    Total Capitalization:
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net Worth  GAAP Book Value
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Funded Debt as defined above                                                                                              0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Subordinated notes payable which meet the requirement for exclusion under funded debt
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL CAPITALIZATION                                                                                     C                  0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL                                                                                                    A/C          #DIV/0!
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
    Max. Funded Debt/ Total Cap            #DIV/0!
                                       ----------------
    Required: < or = .40:1.0  9/30/99-9/29/01
                     .35:1.0  9/30/01 and thereafter


IV. SECTION 7.10 MINIMUM FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE

    Tested on a rolling 4 quarter basis
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                                <C>     <C>
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL ADJUSTED EBITDA:                                                                                         B             0
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Divided by the sum of
    Fixed Charges:
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Current Maturities of MIG                                                                                                    0
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + interest expense for MIG                                                                                                   0
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + dividends paid or payable by MIG and/or operating subsidiaries                                                             0
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + stock repurchases by MIG 7/1/99 and thereafter                                                                             0
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Earn-out pay'ts paid in cash net of pay'ts paid by ins subs that don't reduce inc or limit div ability                     0
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL FIXED CHARGES:                                                                                           D             0
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL                                                                                                          B/D     #DIV/0!
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>





                                       23
<PAGE>   24



    Ameritrust Insurance Corporation
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             (A)             (B)             (C)            (D)             (A-D)
    Period                                  Q399            Q499            Q100            Q200            Total
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
    Gross Written Premiums                                                                                       0
                                      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Reinsurance Prem. Assumed                                                 0              0                 0
                                      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    - Reinsurance Prem. Ceded                                                                                    0
                                      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net Written Premiums                        0               0               0              0                 0
                                      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Statutory Surplus *
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    *calculated on a SAP basis

<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                             <C>                            <C>
    Gross Written Premium/ Surplus         #DIV/0!                     Net Written Premium/ Surplus        #DIV/0!
                                       ----------------                                               ------------------
    Required: < or = 3.50:1.0                                          Required: < or = 2.50:1.0
</TABLE>


    Williamsburg National Insurance Company
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             (A)             (B)             (C)            (D)             (A-D)
    Period                                  Q399            Q499            Q100            Q200            Total
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>                  <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
    Gross Written Premiums                                                                                       0
                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Reinsurance Prem. Assumed                                 0               0              0                 0
                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    - Reinsurance Prem. Ceded                                                                                    0
                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net Written Premiums                        0               0               0              0                 0
                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Statutory Surplus *
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    *calculated on a SAP basis

<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                             <C>                            <C>
    Gross Written Premium/ Surplus         #DIV/0!                     Net Written Premium/ Surplus        #DIV/0!
                                       ----------------                                               ------------------
    Required: < or = 3.50:1.0                                          Required: < or = 2.50:1.0
                                       ----------------                                               ------------------
</TABLE>


VI. SECTION 7.11 RISK BASED CAPITAL RATE

    Tested: Annually - upon receipt of the annual statutory statements for Star
                          Insurance Company and each insurance subsidiary not
                          owned by Star

    Star Insurance Company and each insurance subsidiary not owned by Star, will
    maintain a ratio of total adjusted capital to the Company action level of at
    least 175%
<TABLE>
<S>                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>                     <C>
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    ACTUAL                                             12/31/98        12/3199         12/31/00                12/31/01
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Star
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Williamsburg                                                           N/A
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    REQUIRED                                           12/31/98        12/3199         12/31/00                12/31/01
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Star
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Williamsburg                                                           N/A
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>




                                       24

<PAGE>   25
    Fixed charges are calculated on a rolling four quarter basis:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         (A)             (B)            (C)              (D)              (A-D)
    Period                                              Q399            Q499            Q100            Q200              Total
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>               <C>
    Current Maturities of MIG                                                                                                  0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Interest expense for MIG                                                                                                   0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Dividends paid or payable by MIG &/or op. subs.                                                                            0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Stock repurchases by MIG from 7/1/99 and
          thereafter                                                        0              0                 0                 0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Earn-out payments paid in cash net of payments
          paid by insurance subsidiaries that do not
          reduce net income or dividending ability                                                                             0
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL FIXED CHARGES                                     0               0              0                 0                 0
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<S>                            <C>
    Min. Fixed Charge Coverage             #DIV/0!
                                       ----------------
    Required: > or = 1.50:1.0   9/30/99 - 12/30/99
                     1.75:1.0  12/31/99 -   3/30/00
                     2.00:1.0   3/31/00 and thereafter
</TABLE>

V. SECTION 7.13 MAXIMUM GROSS/ NET WRITTEN PREMIUM/ STATUTORY SURPLUS

    Tested: Quarterly on a rolling 4 quarter basis.

    Star Insurance Company:                          0
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             (A)             (B)             (C)            (D)             (A-D)
    Period                                  Q399            Q499            Q100            Q200            Total
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>                  <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
    Gross Written Premiums                                                                                        0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Reinsurance Prem. Assumed                                                  0              0                 0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    - Reinsurance Prem. Ceded                                                                                     0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net Written Premiums                         0               0               0              0                 0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Statutory Surplus *
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    *calculated on a SAP basis
<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                                                            <C>
    Gross Written Premium/ Surplus         #DIV/0!                     Net Written Premium/ Surplus        #DIV/0!
                                       ----------------                                               ------------------
    Required: < or = 3.50:1.0                                          Required: < or = 2.50:1.0
</TABLE>

    Savers Property and Casualty
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             (A)             (B)             (C)            (D)             (A-D)
    Period                                  Q399            Q499            Q100            Q200            Total
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>                  <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
    Gross Written Premiums                                                                                        0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    + Reinsurance Prem. Assumed                                                                 0                 0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    - Reinsurance Prem. Ceded                                                                                     0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net Written Premiums                         0               0               0              0                 0
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Statutory Surplus *                                                          0              0                 0
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    *calculated on a SAP basis

<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                             <C>                            <C>
    Gross Written Premium/ Surplus         #DIV/0!                     Net Written Premium/ Surplus        #DIV/0!
                                       ----------------                                               ------------------
    Required: < or = 3.50:1.0                                          Required: < or = 2.50:1.0
</TABLE>


                                       25
<PAGE>   26


                                  SCHEDULE 1.1

                               APPLICABLE MARGINS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    BASIS FOR PRICING              LEVEL I              LEVEL II             LEVEL III            LEVEL IV              LEVEL V
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>                       <C>                  <C>              <C>                      <C>
Fixed Charge Coverage       Greater than or equal to    >1.10 to 1.0       >1.50 to 1.0            >2.0 to 1.0          >2.5 to 1.0
Ratio (and with respect to           1.10                   and                 and                    and                  and
Levels IV and V, Funded                                 Greater than       Greater than            Greater than         Funded Debt
Debt to Total                                         or equal to 1.50    or equal to 2.0        or equal to 2.5       to Total Cap
Capitalization)                                            to 1.0             to 1.0                 to 1 and            < .15 to 1
                                                                                                 Funded Debt to
                                                                                              Total Capitalization
                                                                                                   < .35 to 1.0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Eurocurrency Margin                  2.50%            2.25%                2.00%               1.65%                 1.25%
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                       26
<PAGE>   27



                                  SCHEDULE 6.11

                                   LITIGATION

The Company is unaware of any litigation which would have a Material Adverse
Effect, except as disclosed on its 10-K filing with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and as updated in the company's 10-Q filing with
the SEC.









                                       27
<PAGE>   28


                                  SCHEDULE 6.19

                                 PERMITTED LIENS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       Secured Party                       Filing No.                   Collateral
                       -------------                       ----------                   ----------

<S>                                                         <C>               <C>
1.)      Vanguard Financial Service Corp.                   D185645           Leased Business Machinery/Equipment

2.)      Ervin Leasing Company                              D085257           Leased Business Machinery/Equipment
                                                            D074415
                                                            D077414
                                                            D077413
                                                            D019253
                                                            D473056
                                                            D473055

3.)      Comerica Leasing Corporation                       C983181           Leased Computer Equipment
                                                            C991910
                                                            D019319
                                                            C958151
                                                            C943390
                                                            C929141

4.)      Pitney Bowes Credit Corporation                    C936496           Equipment

5.)      Ikon Office Solutions                              D411057           Leased Communications Equipment

6.)      NBD Equipment Finance, Inc.                        C328249           Leased Business Machinery/Equipment

7.)      Andover Capital Group, Inc.                        D566257           Leased Computer Equipment
                                                            D516440

8.)      Liberty Premium Finance, Inc.
</TABLE>





                                       28
<PAGE>   29



                                  SCHEDULE 7.02

                        FINANCIAL COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE


To:      Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company

         Re:      Subordinated Promissory Note dated as of July ___, 2000

         This Financial Compliance Certificate ("Report") is furnished pursuant
to Section 7.02 of the Note and sets forth various information as of
_____________, _____ (the "Computation Date").

         1. Base Net Worth. On the Computation Date, Base Net Worth which is
required to be not less than $______________, was $________________ as computed
in the supporting documents attached hereto as Schedule 1.

         2. Fixed Charge Coverage. On the Computation Date, the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, which is required to be not less than _____ to 1.0 as of the
fiscal quarter then ending was to 1.0 as computed in the supporting documents
attached as Schedule 1.

         3. Risk- Based Capital Ratio. On the Computation Date, the ratio of
Total Adjusted Capital to Company Action Level RBC, which is required to be not
more than _______% as of the fiscal quarter then ending was _______, as computed
in the supporting documents attached hereto as Schedule 1.

         4. Funded Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio. On the Computation Date,
the Funded Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio which is required to be not more
than to 1.0 as of the fiscal quarter then ending, was _______ to 1.0, as
computed in the supporting documents attached hereto as Schedule 1.


         5. Net Premium and Gross Premium Ratios. On the Computation Date, the
Net Premium Ratio, which is required to be not more than __________ 1.0 was
______________ to 1.0 and the Gross Premium Ratio which is required to be not
more than __________ to 1.0 was __________ to 1.0 as computed in the supporting
documents attached as Schedule 1.

         6. Minimum Statutory Surplus. On the Computation Date, Minimum
Statutory Surplus which was required to be not less than $________ was $________
as computed in the supporting documents attached as Schedule 1.

         7. Interest Due. Debtor's calculation of the next interest payment due
is attached as Schedule 2.

         The undersigned officer of Company hereby certifies that:

A. All of the information set forth in this Report (and in any Schedule attached
hereto) is true and correct in all material respects.

B. As of the Computation Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries have observed
and performed all of their covenants and other agreements contained in the Note
to be observed, performed and satisfied by them.

C. I have reviewed the Agreement and this Report is based on an examination
sufficient to assure that this Report is accurate.

D. Except as stated in Schedule 1 hereto (which shall describe any existing
Event of Default and the notice and period of existence thereof and any action
taken with respect thereto or contemplated to be taken by Debtor), no Event or
Default has occurred and is continuing on the date of this Report.


Capitalized terms used in this Report and in the schedules hereto, unless
specifically defined to the contrary, have the meanings given to them in the
Note (or the Credit Agreement referred to in the Note, as the case may be).

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Debtor has caused this Report to be executed and
delivered by its duly authorized officer this ___ day of _______________,
________.


                                     MEADOWBROOK INSURANCE GROUP, INC.



                                     By:______________________________________

                                     Its:_____________________________________




                                       29

<PAGE>   30


                                   SCHEDULE 2

                        MEADOWBROOK INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

                         INTEREST CALCULATION WORKSHEET
                               AS OF JUNE 30, 2000
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Interest     Effective      Effective           O/S
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          Rate          from          until       Balance       Interest
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>          <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>
              1
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              2
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              3
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              4
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>




                                       30

<PAGE>   31


                                  SCHEDULE 8.08

                             SCHEDULE OF GUARANTIES


The Renaissance Insurance Agency, Inc. ("Renaissance") entered into a lease with
Steven A. Cohen, Trustee of CEA Wellesley Trust, whereby Renaissance leased
certain premises for the operations of the Renaissance Agency Alliance. The
lease is for 10 years commencing on January 1, 1999. Meadowbrook, Inc. and
Cochrane & Porter Insurance Agency, Inc., a Massachusetts insurance agency,
executed a Lease Guaranty guaranteeing the lease obligation of Renaissance.




                                       31

<PAGE>   32


                                  SCHEDULE 8.10

                                  OFFICER LOANS

At December 31, 1999, the Company held a $720,462 Demand Note receivable,
including $59,462 of accrued interest, from Robert S. Cubbin and Kathleen D.
Cubbin. This Demand Note arose from a transaction in late 1998 whereby the
Company loaned Robert S. Cubbin and Kathleen D. Cubbin funds to exercise 64,718
common stock options to cover the exercise price and associated tax
withholdings. The Demand Note provided for interest at the Company's borrowing
rate which was 8.5% at December 31, 1999. The Demand Note is due on demand on or
after January 1, 2002. The loan is collateralized by 64,718 shares of the
Company's common stock, pursuant to a Stock Pledge Agreement.








                                       32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
