<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>l86159dex10-36.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.36  CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.36




                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

                          DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 27, 2000

                                     BETWEEN

                             FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION

                                 CERTAIN LENDERS

                                       AND

                                  BANK ONE, NA,

                                    AS AGENT






                         =============================

                         -----------------------------


<PAGE>   2




                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

       This Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2000, is among FirstMerit
Corporation, the Lenders and Bank One, NA, as Agent. The parties hereto agree as
follows:


                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

       As used in this Agreement:

       "Adjusted Total Assets" shall have the meaning set forth on the date
hereof under applicable regulations of any regulatory agency having authority on
the date hereof as such regulations are applicable to the Borrower, or if such
regulations are amended hereafter to define Adjusted Total Assets more
restrictively, as set forth in such later amended regulations.

       "Advance" means a borrowing hereunder, (i) made by the Lenders on the
same Borrowing Date, or (ii) converted or continued by the Lenders on the same
date of conversion or continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate
amount of the several Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar
Loans, for the same Interest Period.

       "Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. A Person
shall be deemed to control another Person [if the controlling Person owns 10% or
more of any class of voting securities (or other ownership interests) of the
controlled Person or] possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person,
whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.

       "Agent" means Bank One, NA in its capacity as contractual representative
of the Lenders pursuant to Article XI, and not in its individual capacity as a
Lender, and any successor Agent appointed pursuant to Article XI.

       "Aggregate Commitment" means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the
Lenders, as reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

       "Agreement" means this credit agreement, as it may be amended or modified
and in effect from time to time.

       "Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses" shall have the meaning set forth
from

<PAGE>   3


time to time under applicable regulations of any regulatory agency having
authority on the applicable date, as applicable to the Borrower, or if not
applicable to the Borrower, PER SE, as applicable to the Bank Subsidiaries on a
combined basis applied to the Borrower.

       "Alternate Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum
equal to the higher of (i) the Corporate Base Rate for such day or (ii) the sum
of the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 1/2% per annum.

       "Applicable Margin" means, (i) with respect to Floating Rate Loans, 0%
per annum, (ii) with respect to Overnight Transaction Rate Loans, 0.45% per
annum, and (iii) with respect to Eurodollar Loans, (A) 0.325% per annum during
any period when the outstanding principal amount of the Advances is less than
50% of the Aggregate Commitments and (B) .450% per annum during any period when
the outstanding principal amount of the Advances is greater than or equal to 50%
of the Aggregate Commitments.

       "Arranger" means Banc One Capital Markets, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and its successors.

       "Article" means an article of this Agreement unless another document is
specifically referenced.

       "Authorized Officer" means any Person from time to time designated by the
Borrower in writing to the Agent.

       "Bank One" means Bank One, NA in its individual capacity, and its
successors.

       "Bankruptcy Code" means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11
U.S.C.ss.101, et seq.).

       "Bank Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Borrower which is a bank.

       "Borrower" means FirstMerit Corporation, an Ohio corporation.

       "Borrowing Date" means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder.

       "Borrowing Notice" is defined in Section 2.8.

       "Business Day" means (i) with respect to any borrowing, payment or rate
selection of Eurodollar Advances, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on
which banks generally are open in Chicago for the conduct of substantially all
of their commercial lending activities and on which dealings in United States
dollars are carried on in the interbank


                                       2
<PAGE>   4


eurodollar market with respect to Eurodollar Advances and (ii) for all other
purposes, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are
open in Chicago for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending
activities.

       "Capitalized Lease" of a Person means any lease of Property by such
Person as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person
prepared in accordance with GAAP.

       "Capitalized Lease Obligations" of a Person means the amount of the
obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a
liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.

       "Change in Control" means the acquisition by any Person, or two or more
Persons acting in concert, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the
Borrower.

       "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or
otherwise modified from time to time.

       "Commitment" means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to
make Loans not exceeding the amount set forth opposite its signature below or as
set forth in any Notice of Assignment relating to any assignment that has become
effective pursuant to Section 13.3.2, as such amount may be modified from time
to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

       "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit B.

       "Consolidated Net Worth" means at any time the consolidated stockholders'
equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

       "Contingent Obligation" of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or
arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently
agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or
is contingently liable upon, the obligation or liability of any other Person, or
agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition
of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person
against loss, including, without limitation, any comfort letter, operating
agreement, take-or-pay contract or the obligations of any such Person as general
partner of a partnership with respect to the liabilities of the partnership.

       "Contractual Obligation" means, as to any Person, any provision of any
security


                                       3
<PAGE>   5




issued by such Person or of any agreement, undertaking, contract, indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, document or agreement to which such
Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

       "Conversion/Continuation Notice" is defined in Section 2.9.

       "Corporate Base Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the corporate base
rate of interest announced publicly by Bank One from time to time, changing when
and as said corporate base rate changes.

       "Default" means an event described in Article VIII.

       "Double Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of

       (a) equity investments of the Borrower in its Bank Subsidiaries

           TO

       (b) Consolidated Net Worth of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;

in each case as reported in the Borrower's financial statements delivered
pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) and 6.1(b).

       "Environmental Claims" means all claims, however asserted, by any
Governmental Authority or other Person alleging potential liability or
responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law, or for release or injury
to the environment.

       "Environmental Laws" means all federal, state or local laws, statutes,
common laws duties, rules, regulations, ordinances and codes, together with all
administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and
permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authorities, in each case
relating to environmental, health, safety and land use matters.

       "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

       "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of
Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for
purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code).


                                       4
<PAGE>   6


       "ERISA Event" means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension
Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension
Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a
substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation
of operations which is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of
ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is
in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the
treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of
ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension
Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which might reasonably be
expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination
of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or
Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of
ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of
ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate.

       "Eurodollar Advance" means an Advance which, except as otherwise provided
in Section 2.11, bears interest at the applicable Eurodollar Rate.

       "Eurodollar Base Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance for
the relevant Interest Period, the applicable London interbank offered rate
("LIBOR") for deposits in U.S. dollars appearing on Dow Jones Markets (Telerate)
Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first
day of such Interest Period, and having a maturity equal to such Interest
Period, provided that, if Dow Jones Markets (Telerate) Page 3750 is not
available for any reason, the applicable Eurodollar Base Rate for the relevant
Interest Period shall instead be the applicable London interbank offered rate
for deposits in U.S. dollars appearing on Reuters Screen FRBD as of 11:00 a.m.
(London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period,
and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period.

       "Eurodollar Loan" means a Loan which, except as otherwise provided in
Section 2.11, bears interest at the applicable Eurodollar Rate.

       "Eurodollar Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance for the
relevant Interest Period, the sum of (i) the quotient of (a) the Eurodollar Base
Rate applicable to such Interest Period, divided by (b) one minus the Reserve
Requirement (expressed as a decimal) applicable to such Interest Period, plus
(ii) the Applicable Margin. The Eurodollar Rate shall be rounded to the next
higher multiple of 1/100 of 1% if the rate is not such a multiple.

       "Excluded Taxes" means, in the case of each Lender or applicable Lending
Installation and the Agent, taxes imposed on its overall net income, and
franchise taxes imposed on it, by (i) the jurisdiction under the laws of which
such Lender or the Agent is incorporated or organized or (ii) the jurisdiction
in which the Agent's or such Lender's principal executive office or such
Lender's applicable Lending Installation is located.


                                       5
<PAGE>   7


       "Exhibit" refers to an exhibit to this Agreement, unless another document
is specifically referenced.

       "Facility Termination Date" means November 26, 2001 (the "Scheduled
Facility Termination Date") or any later date as may be specified in accordance
with Section 2.19 or any earlier date on which the Aggregate Commitment is
reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof.

       "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Company or any successor
thereto.

       "Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for any day, an interest rate per
annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal
funds brokers on such day, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a
Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a
Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:00 a.m. (Chicago
time) on such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal
funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent in its sole
discretion.

       "Floating Rate" means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the
Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for such day, in each case
changing when and as the Alternate Base Rate changes.

       "Floating Rate Advance" means an Advance which, except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.11, bears interest at the Floating Rate.

       "Floating Rate Loan" means a Loan which, except as otherwise provided in
Section 2.11, bears interest at the Floating Rate.

       "FRB" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and any
Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

       "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from time
to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board
and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with
similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the U.S. accounting
profession), which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date hereof.

       "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or
political subdivision thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or
regulatory authority)


                                       6
<PAGE>   8



thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any corporation or
other entity owned or controlled, through stock or capital ownership or
otherwise, by any of the foregoing.

       "Impermissible Qualification" means, relative to the opinion or
certification of any independent public accountant as to any financial statement
of the Borrower, any qualification or exception to such opinion or
certification:

              (a) which is of a "going concern" or similar nature;

              (b) which relates to the limited scope of examination of matters
       relevant to such financial statement; PROVIDED that this CLAUSE (b) shall
       not include such qualifications and exceptions as are routinely made by
       independent public accountants when giving opinions and certifications
       with respect to financial statements; or

              (c) which relates to the treatment or classification of any item
       in such financial statement and which, as a condition to its removal,
       would require an adjustment to such item the effect of which would be to
       cause the Borrower to be in default of any of its obligations under
       SECTION 7.4.

       "Indebtedness" of a Person means such Person's (i) obligations for
borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of
Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course
of such Person's business payable on terms customary in the trade), (iii)
obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens or payable out of the
proceeds or production from Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such
Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other
instruments, (v) obligations of such Person to purchase securities or other
Property arising out of or in connection with the sale of the same or
substantially similar securities or Property, (vi) Capitalized Lease Obligations
and (vii) any other obligation for borrowed money or other financial
accommodation which in accordance with GAAP would be shown as a liability on the
consolidated balance sheet of such Person (viii) obligations with respect to
synthetic leases, (ix) obligations with respect to Rate Management Transactions,
and (x) any Contingent Obligations with respect to any of the foregoing.

       "Insolvency Proceeding" means (a) any case, action or proceeding before
any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up
or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of
creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other, similar
arrangements in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of
its creditors; undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including
the Bankruptcy Code.


                                       7
<PAGE>   9



       "Interest Period" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance, a period
of one, two, three or six months commencing on a Business Day selected by the
Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. Such Interest Period shall end on the day
which corresponds numerically to such date one, two, three or six months
thereafter, provided, however, that if there is no such numerically
corresponding day in such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month, such
Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such next, second, third
or sixth succeeding month. If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day
which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end on the next
succeeding Business Day, provided, however, that if said next succeeding
Business Day falls in a new calendar month, such Interest Period shall end on
the immediately preceding Business Day.

       "Lenders" means the lending institutions listed on the signature pages of
this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns.

       "Lending Installation" means, with respect to a Lender or the Agent, the
office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Lender or the Agent listed on
the signature pages hereof or on a Schedule or otherwise selected by such Lender
or the Agent pursuant to Section 2.17.

       "Leverage Ratio" means, with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis, at any time, the ratio of its Tier One Capital to its
Adjusted Total Assets.

       "Lien" means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference,
priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, the interest of a vendor or
lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title retention
agreement).

       "Loan" means, with respect to a Lender, such Lender's loan made pursuant
to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof).

       "Loan Documents" means this Agreement and any Notes issued pursuant to
Section 2.13.

       "Loans Outstanding" means, for any Person, the sum of loans and direct
lease financings, net of unearned income, by such Person and its Subsidiaries on
a consolidated basis.

       "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the
business, Property, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations,
or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the
ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, or
(iii) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights
or remedies of the Agent or the Lenders thereunder.


                                       8
<PAGE>   10



       "Multiemployer Plan" means a "multiemployer plan", within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes,
is making, or is obligated to make contributions or, during the preceding three
calendar years, has made, or been obligated to make, contributions.

       "Non-Performing Assets" means, as applied to Loans Outstanding of a
Person, (i) Loans Outstanding that are not accruing interest, have been
classified as renegotiated pursuant to guidelines established by the Federal
Financial Institutions Council or are 90 days or more past due in the payment of
principal or interest PLUS (ii) Other Real Estate Owned by such Person minus
(iii) student loan obligations, included in clause (i), which are serviced by a
third party servicer and which are fully backed by the full faith and credit of
the United States Government or any agency thereof, whether such guaranty is for
the benefit of such third party servicer or such Person or any of its
Subsidiaries, provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any
student loan with respect to which a third party servicer has failed to perform
the terms and conditions of its servicing agreement with such Person or any of
its Subsidiaries.

       "Non-Performing Ratio" means, for any Person, the ratio of such Person's

       (a) Non-Performing Assets outstanding

           TO

       (b) consolidated equity capital plus consolidated loan loss reserves.

       "Note" means any promissory note issued at the request of a Lender
pursuant to Section 2.13 in the form of Exhibit E.

       "Notice of Assignment" is defined in Section 13.3.2.

       "Obligations" means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid
interest on the Loans, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses,
reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders
or to any Lender, the Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan
Documents.

       "Organization Documents" means, for any corporation, the certificate or
articles of incorporation, the bylaws, any certificate of determination or
instrument relating to the rights of preferred shareholders of such corporation,
any shareholder rights agreement, and all applicable resolutions of the board of
directors (or any committee thereof) of such corporation.

       "Other Real Estate Owned" of a Person means "other real estate owned" as
shown in the financial statements of such Person prepared in accordance with
GAAP.


                                       9
<PAGE>   11



       "Other Taxes" is defined in Section 3.5(ii).

       "Outstanding Loans" means, at any time, the principal amount of the Loans
then outstanding.

       "Overnight Funds Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the Overnight
Transaction Loan Rate PLUS the Applicable Margin.

       "Overnight Funds Rate Advance" means an Advance which, except as
otherwise provided in Section 2.11, bears interest at the applicable Overnight
Funds Rate.

       "Overnight Funds Rate Loan" means a Loan which, except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.11, bears interest at the Overnight Funds Rate.

       "Overnight Transaction Loan Rate" means, for any overnight period, a rate
per annum determined by Bank One, at the time of the loan request, to be its
overnight transaction rate. Bank One shall advise the Borrower of the applicable
rate upon such loan request. Bank One requires borrowing notices for such Loans
to be given no later than 12:00 p.m. (Chicago time). Bank One requires that such
Loans be automatically continued each day at the Overnight Transaction Loan Rate
(at the time of automatic continuation identified below) unless the Borrower
either provides Bank One with notice converting such Loan to another Type of
Loan or actually prepays the loan. The timing for such an automatic continuation
(i.e. a "rollover") of a Loan based on the Overnight Transaction Loan Rate shall
be 12:00 p.m. (Chicago time). Interest on such Loans shall accrue and be payable
on the date any such Loan (or portion thereof) is paid or converted to another
type of Loan and in any event on the last day of each month.

       "Participants" is defined in Section 13.2.1.

       "Payment Date" means, with respect to Floating Rate Advances and the
facility fee, the last day of each March, June, September and December.

       "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor
thereto.

       "Pension Plan" means a pension plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA)
subject to Title IV of ERISA which the Borrower sponsors, maintains, or to which
it makes, is making, or is obligated to make contributions, or in the case of a
multiple employer plan (as described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA) has made
contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five (5) plan years.

       "Permitted Liens" has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.


                                       10
<PAGE>   12


       "Person" means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture,
partnership, limited liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other
entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any
agency, department or instrumentality thereof.

       "Plan" means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of
ERISA) which the Borrower sponsors or maintains or to which the Borrower makes,
is making, or is obligated to make contributions and includes any Pension Plan.

       "Principal Bank Subsidiary" means FirstMerit Bank, N.A., a national
banking association or any successor bank.

       "Property" of a Person means any and all property, whether real,
personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned,
leased or operated by such Person.

       "Purchasers" is defined in Section 13.3.1.

       "Rate Management Transaction" means any transaction which is a rate swap,
basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity
or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate
option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar
transaction, forward transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate
swap transaction, currency option or any other similar transaction (including
any option with respect to any of these transactions) or any combination
thereof, whether linked to one or more interest rates, foreign currencies,
commodity prices, equity prices or other financial measures.

       "Regulation D" means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto
or other regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors
relating to reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal
Reserve System.

       "Regulation U" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor or other
regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to the
extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin
stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System.

       "Reportable Event" means, any of the events set forth in Section 4043(b)
of ERISA or the regulations thereunder, other than any such event for which the
30-day notice requirement under ERISA has been waived in regulations issued by
the PBGC.


                                       11
<PAGE>   13


       "Required Lenders" means Lenders in the aggregate having in excess of 50%
of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated,
Lenders in the aggregate holding in excess of 50% of the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of the outstanding Advances.

       "Requirement of Law" means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or
common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or of a
Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Person or
any of its property or to which the Person or any of its property is subject.

       "Reserve Requirement" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the
maximum aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic, supplemental,
marginal and other reserves) which is imposed under Regulation D on Eurocurrency
liabilities.

       "Risk-Weighted Assets" means, for any Person, the value of the assets of
such Person and its Subsidiaries, including adjusted off-balance sheet items,
all as calculated pursuant to risk-based capital guidelines in effect from time
to time with the applicable regulatory agency.

       "Schedule" refers to a specific schedule to this Agreement, unless
another document is specifically referenced.

       "Scheduled Facility Termination Date" is defined in the definition of
"Facility Termination Date."

       "Section" means a numbered section of this Agreement, unless another
document is specifically referenced.

       "Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the
outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time
be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more
of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or
(ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or
similar business organization more than 50% of the ownership interests having
ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled.
Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a "Subsidiary"
shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower.

       "Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies,
imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and any and all liabilities with
respect to the foregoing, but excluding Excluded Taxes.

       "Tier One Capital" shall have the meaning set forth on the date hereof
under


                                       12
<PAGE>   14


applicable regulations of any regulatory agency having authority on the date
hereof as such regulations are applicable to the Borrower, or if such
regulations are amended hereafter to define Tier One Capital more restrictively,
as set forth in such later definition.

       "Tier Two Capital" shall have the meaning set forth on the date hereof
under applicable regulations of any regulatory agency having authority on the
date hereof as such regulations are applicable to the Borrower, or if such
regulations are amended hereafter to define Tier Two Capital more restrictively,
as set forth in such later definition.

       "Transferee" is defined in Section 13.4.

       "Type" means, with respect to any Advance, its nature as a Floating Rate
Advance, a Eurodollar Advance or an Overnight Funds Rate Advance.

       "Unfunded Pension Liability" means the excess of a Plan's benefit
liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that
Plan's assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding
the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan
year.

       "Unmatured Default" means an event which but for the lapse of time or the
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default.

       "Well-Capitalized" shall have the meaning promulgated by any regulatory
agency having authority on the date hereof, as applicable to the Borrower;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that to the extent such term is not applicable to the
Borrower PER SE under statutes and regulations, but is applied to the Borrower
under this Agreement, it shall be applied to the Bank Subsidiaries on a combined
basis; PROVIDED, FURTHER, that if at any time requirements of the designation
"Well-Capitalized" promulgated by such regulatory authority shall be modified so
as to define the requirements for such designation more restrictively than the
existing requirements, then such requirements set forth herein shall be changed
to reflect such later modification; PROVIDED, FURTHER, if at any time such
regulatory authority shall determine that such Person is not "Well-Capitalized"
(within the meaning of the regulations promulgated by such authority then in
effect), such Person shall be deemed not to be Well-Capitalized for purposes of
this Agreement, without regard to whether such Person shall meet the
requirements of the definition of such term set forth in this Agreement as in
effect at such time.

       "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any Subsidiary all of the
outstanding voting securities of which shall at the time be owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries
of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of
such Person, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association,
joint venture or similar business organization 100% of the


                                       13
<PAGE>   15


ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be
so owned or controlled.

       The foregoing definitions shall be equally applicable to both the
singular and plural forms of the defined terms.


                                   ARTICLE II

                                   THE CREDITS
                                   -----------

       2.1 COMMITMENT. From and including the date of this Agreement and prior
to the Facility Termination Date, each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make Loans to the Borrower from time
to time in amounts not to exceed in the aggregate at any one time outstanding
the amount of its Commitment. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the
Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow at any time prior to the Facility
Termination Date. The Commitments to lend hereunder shall expire on the Facility
Termination Date. All borrowings and payments under this Agreement shall be in
U.S. dollars.

       2.2 REQUIRED PAYMENTS; TERMINATION. Any outstanding Advances and all
other unpaid Obligations shall be paid in full by the Borrower on the Facility
Termination Date.

       2.3 RATABLE LOANS. Each Advance hereunder shall consist of Loans made
from the several Lenders ratably in proportion to the ratio that their
respective Commitments bear to the Aggregate Commitment.

       2.4 TYPES OF ADVANCES. The Advances may be Floating Rate Advances,
Overnight Funds Rate Advances, Eurodollar Advances, or a combination thereof,
selected by the Borrower in accordance with Sections 2.8 and 2.9.

       2.5 FEES; REDUCTIONS IN AGGREGATE COMMITMENT. (a) The Borrower agrees to
pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee of 0.125% per
annum on such Lender's Commitment (irrespective of usage) from the date hereof
to and including the Facility Termination Date, payable on each Payment Date
hereafter and on the Facility Termination Date. The Borrower may permanently
reduce the Aggregate Commitment in whole, or in part ratably among the Lenders
in an amount of not less than $5,000,000 upon at least three Business Days'
written notice to the Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any such
reduction, provided, however, that the amount of the Aggregate Commitment may
not be reduced below the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances.
All accrued facility fees shall be payable on the effective date of any
termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder.


                                       14
<PAGE>   16


       (b) The Borrower agrees to pay the Agent for its own account such agent's
fee as the Borrower and the Agent may agree from time to time.

       2.6 MINIMUM AMOUNT OF EACH ADVANCE. Each Advance shall be in the minimum
amount of $2,000,000 (and in multiples of $1,000,000 if in excess thereof),
provided, however, that any Floating Rate Advance or Overnight Funds Rate
Advance may be in the amount of the unused Aggregate Commitment.

       2.7 OPTIONAL PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS. The Borrower may from time to time pay,
without penalty or premium, all outstanding Floating Rate Advances or, in a
minimum aggregate amount of $2,000,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000,000 in
excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding Floating Rate Advances upon one
Business Day's prior notice to the Agent. The Borrower may from time to time
pay, without penalty or premium, all outstanding Overnight Funds Rate Advances,
or, in a minimum aggregate amount of $2,000,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding Overnight Funds
Rate Advance upon notice to the Agent prior to 12:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the
Business Day of the proposed prepayment. The Borrower may on the last day of any
Interest Period for Eurodollar Advances pay, all such outstanding Eurodollar
Advances, or, in a minimum aggregate amount of $2,000,000 or any integral
multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding
Eurodollar Advances upon one Business Day's prior notice to the Agent.

       2.8 METHOD OF SELECTING TYPES AND INTEREST PERIODS FOR NEW ADVANCES. The
Borrower shall select the Type of Advance and, in the case of each Eurodollar
Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto from time to time. The Borrower
shall give the Agent irrevocable notice (a "Borrowing Notice") not later than
12:00 p.m. (Chicago time), on the Borrowing Date of each Floating Rate Advance,
or Overnight Funds Rate Advance, and at least three Business Days before the
Borrowing Date for each Eurodollar Advance, specifying:

       (a) the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Advance,

       (b) the aggregate amount of such Advance,

       (c) the Type of Advance selected, and

       (d) in the case of each Eurodollar Advance, the Interest Period
applicable thereto.

Not later than 2:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on each Borrowing Date, each Lender
shall make available its Loan or Loans in funds immediately available in Chicago
to the Agent at its address specified pursuant to Article XIV. The Agent will
make the funds so received from the Lenders


                                       15
<PAGE>   17


available to the Borrower at the Agent's aforesaid address by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago
time) on such Borrowing Date.

       2.9 CONVERSION AND CONTINUATION OF OUTSTANDING ADVANCES. Floating Rate
Advances shall continue as Floating Rate Advances unless and until such Floating
Rate Advances are converted into Eurodollar Advances or Overnight Funds Rate
Advances pursuant to this Section 2.9 or are prepaid in accordance with Section
2.7. Overnight Funds Rate Advances shall continue as Overnight Funds Rate
Advances unless and until such Overnight Funds Rate Advances are converted with
Floating Rate Advances or Eurodollar Advances pursuant to this Section 2.9 or
are prepaid in accordance with Section 2.7. Each Eurodollar Advance shall
continue as a Eurodollar Advance until the end of the then applicable Interest
Period therefor, at which time such Eurodollar Advance shall be automatically
converted into a Floating Rate Advance unless (x) such Eurodollar Advance is or
was prepaid in accordance with Section 2.7 or (y) the Borrower shall have given
the Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice (as defined below) requesting that,
at the end of such Interest Period, such Eurodollar Advance continue as a
Eurodollar Advance for the same or another Interest Period or be converted into
an Overnight Funds Rate Advance. Subject to the terms of Section 2.6, the
Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of an Advance
into an Advance of another Type. The Borrower shall give the Agent irrevocable
notice (a "Conversion/Continuation Notice") of each conversion of an Advance
into an Advance of another Type or continuation of a Eurodollar Advance not
later than 12:00 p.m. (Chicago time) at least three Business Days prior to the
date of the requested conversion or continuation as or into a Eurodollar
Advance, or 12:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the date of such conversion into an
Overnight Funds Rate Advance or Floating Rate Advance, specifying:

           (a) the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such
conversion or continuation,

           (b) the aggregate amount and Type of the Advance which is to be
converted or continued, and

           (c) the amount of such Advance which is to be converted into or
continued as a Eurodollar Advance and the duration of the Interest Period
applicable thereto.

       2.10 CHANGES IN INTEREST RATE, ETC. Each Floating Rate Advance or
Overnight Funds Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal
amount thereof, for each day from and including the date such Advance is made or
is automatically converted into a Floating Rate Advance or Overnight Funds Rate
Advance pursuant to Section 2.9, to but excluding the date it is paid or is
converted into an Advance of another Type pursuant to Section 2.9 hereof, at a
rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate, in the case of a Floating Rate
Advance, or the Overnight Funds Rate, in the case of an Overnight Funds Rate
Advance for such day. Changes in the rate of


                                       16
<PAGE>   18


interest on that portion of any Advance maintained as a Floating Rate Advance
will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Alternate Base Rate.
Changes in the rate of interest on that portion of any Advance maintained as an
Overnight Funds Rate Advance will take place daily. Each Eurodollar Advance
shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from and
including the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto to (but not
including) the last day of such Interest Period at the Eurodollar Rate
determined by the Agent as applicable to such Eurodollar Advance based upon the
Borrower's selections under Sections 2.8 and 2.9 and otherwise in accordance
with the terms hereof.

       2.11 RATES APPLICABLE AFTER DEFAULT. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in Section 2.8 or 2.9, during the continuance of a Default or
Unmatured Default the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the
Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders
notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.1 requiring unanimous consent of the
Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that no Advance may be made as,
converted into or continued as a Eurodollar Advance. During the continuance of a
Default the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower
(which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders
notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.1 requiring unanimous consent of the
Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (i) each Eurodollar Advance
shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period at the
rate otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus 2% per annum and (ii)
each Floating Rate Advance or Overnight Funds Rate Advance shall bear interest
at a rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate in effect from time to time plus
2% per annum, provided that, during the continuance of a Default under Section
8.1(f) or (g), the interest rates set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall
be applicable to all Advances without any election or action on the part of the
Agent or any Lender.

       2.12 METHOD OF PAYMENT. All payments of the Obligations hereunder shall
be made, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately available
funds to the Agent at the Agent's address specified pursuant to Article XIV, or
at any other Lending Installation of the Agent specified in writing by the Agent
to the Borrower, by 12:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the date when due and shall be
applied ratably by the Agent among the Lenders. Each payment delivered to the
Agent for the account of any Lender shall be delivered promptly by the Agent to
such Lender in the same type of funds that the Agent received at its address
specified pursuant to Article XIV or at any Lending Installation specified in a
notice received by the Agent from such Lender.

       2.13 NOTELESS AGREEMENT; EVIDENCE OF INDEBTEDNESS. (i) Each Lender shall
maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing
the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by
such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest
payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.


                                       17
<PAGE>   19


       (ii) The Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (a)
the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period
with respect thereto, (b) the amount of any principal or interest due and
payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder
and (c) the amount of any sum received by the Agent hereunder from the Borrower
and each Lender's share thereof.

       (iii) The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and
amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, however, that the failure
of the Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall
not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Obligations
in accordance with their terms.

       (iv) Any Lender may request that its Loans be evidenced by a promissory
note (a "Note"). In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver
to such Lender a Note payable to the order of such Lender in a form supplied by
the Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon
shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 13.3) be
represented by one or more Notes payable to the order of the payee named therein
or any assignee pursuant to Section 13.3, except to the extent that any such
Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and
requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in paragraphs (i)
and (ii) above.

       2.14 TELEPHONIC NOTICES. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Lenders and
the Agent to extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of Types of
Advances and to transfer funds based on telephonic notices made by any person or
persons the Agent or any Lender in good faith believes to be an Authorized
Officer acting on behalf of the Borrower, it being understood that the foregoing
authorization is specifically intended to allow Borrowing Notices and
Conversion/Continuation Notices to be given telephonically. The Borrower agrees
to deliver promptly to the Agent a written confirmation, if such confirmation is
requested by the Agent or any Lender, of each telephonic notice signed by an
Authorized Officer. If the written confirmation differs in any material respect
from the action taken by the Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Agent and
the Lenders shall govern absent any error which may be clear from such records
themselves.

       2.15 INTEREST PAYMENT DATES; INTEREST AND FEE BASIS. Interest accrued on
each Floating Rate Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing
with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which
the Floating Rate Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise,
and at maturity. Interest accrued on each Overnight Funds Rate Advance shall be
payable on last day of each month, on any date on which the Overnight Funds Rate
Advance is repaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity.
Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of any
Floating Rate Advance or an


                                       18
<PAGE>   20


Overnight Funds Rate Advance converted into an Advance of another Type shall be
payable on the date of conversion. Interest accrued on each Eurodollar Advance
shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date
on which the Eurodollar Advance is prepaid, whether by acceleration or
otherwise, and at maturity. Interest accrued on each Eurodollar Advance having
an Interest Period longer than three months shall also be payable on the last
day of each three-month interval during such Interest Period. Interest and fees
shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year.
Interest shall be payable for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of
any payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to 12:00 p.m.
(Chicago time) at the place of payment. If any payment of principal of or
interest on an Advance shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day,
such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case
of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing
interest in connection with such payment.

       2.16 NOTIFICATION OF ADVANCES, INTEREST RATES, PREPAYMENTS AND COMMITMENT
REDUCTIONS. Promptly after receipt thereof, the Agent will notify each Lender of
the contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction notice, Borrowing Notice,
Conversion/Continuation Notice, and repayment notice received by it hereunder.
The Agent will notify each Lender of the interest rate applicable to each
Eurodollar Advance promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will
give each Lender prompt notice of each change in the Alternate Base Rate and the
Overnight Funds Rate.

       2.17 LENDING INSTALLATIONS. Each Lender may book its Loans at any Lending
Installation selected by such Lender and may change its Lending Installation
from time to time. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending
Installation and the Loans and any Notes issued hereunder shall be deemed held
by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending Installation. Each Lender
may, by written notice to the Agent and the Borrower in accordance with Article
XIV, designate replacement or additional Lending Installations through which
Loans will be made by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made.

       2.18 NON-RECEIPT OF FUNDS BY THE AGENT. Unless the Borrower or a Lender,
as the case may be, notifies the Agent prior to the date on which it is
scheduled to make payment to the Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the
proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, a payment of principal,
interest or fees to the Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not
intend to make such payment, the Agent may assume that such payment has been
made. The Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such
payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption. If
such Lender or the Borrower, as the case may be, has not in fact made such
payment to the Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the
Agent, repay to the Agent the amount so made available together with interest
thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such
amount was so made available by the Agent until the date the Agent recovers such
amount at a rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of payment by a Lender, the
Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day for


                                       19
<PAGE>   21


the first three days and, thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the
relevant Loan or (y) in the case of payment by the Borrower, the interest rate
applicable to the relevant Loan.

       2.19 EXTENSION OF SCHEDULED FACILITY TERMINATION DATE. The Borrower may
request an extension of the Scheduled Facility Termination Date by submitting a
request for an extension to the Agent (an "Extension Request") no more than 60
days or less than 45 days prior to the Scheduled Facility Termination Date. The
Extension Request must specify the new Scheduled Facility Termination Date
requested by the Borrower and the date (which must be at least 15 days after the
Extension Request is delivered to the Agent) as of which the Lenders must
respond to the Extension Request (the "Response Date"). The new Scheduled
Facility Termination Date shall be no more than 364 days after the Scheduled
Facility Termination Date in effect at the time the Extension Request is
received, including the Scheduled Facility Termination Date as one of the days
in the calculation of the days elapsed. Promptly upon receipt of an Extension
Request, the Agent shall notify each Lender of the contents thereof and shall
request each Lender to approve the Extension Request. Each Lender approving the
Extension Request shall deliver its written consent no later than the Response
Date. If the consent of each of the Lenders is received by the Agent, the
Scheduled Facility Termination Date specified in the Extension Request shall
become effective on the existing Scheduled Facility Termination Date and the
Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and each Lender of the new Scheduled
Facility Termination Date. If the consent of each of the Lenders is not so
received, the Scheduled Facility Termination Date shall not be so extended.

       2.20 REPLACEMENT OF LENDER. If any Lender's obligation to make or
continue, or to convert Floating Rate Advances into, Eurodollar Advances shall
be suspended pursuant to Section 3.3 (any Lender so affected an "Affected
Lender"), the Borrower may elect, if such amounts continue to be charged or such
suspension is still effective, to replace such Affected Lender as a Lender party
to this Agreement, provided that no Default or Unmatured Default shall have
occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, and provided further
that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which
is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Agent shall agree, as of such
date, to purchase for cash the Advances and other Obligations due to the
Affected Lender pursuant to an assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit C
and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all
obligations of the Affected Lender to be terminated as of such date and to
comply with the requirements of Section 13.3 applicable to assignments, and (ii)
the Borrower shall pay to such Affected Lender in same day funds on the day of
such replacement (A) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but
unpaid to such Affected Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the
date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Affected
Lender under Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5, and (B) an amount, if any, equal to the
payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement
under Section 3.4 had the Loans of such Affected Lender been prepaid on such
date rather than sold to the replacement Lender.


                                       20
<PAGE>   22


                                   ARTICLE III

                             YIELD PROTECTION; TAXES
                             -----------------------

       3.1 YIELD PROTECTION. If, on or after the date of this Agreement, the
adoption of any law or any governmental or quasi-governmental rule, regulation,
policy, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law), or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental or
quasi-governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender or
applicable Lending Installation with any request or directive (whether or not
having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable
agency:

           (a) subjects any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to
any Taxes, or changes the basis of taxation of payments (other than with respect
to Excluded Taxes) to any Lender in respect of its Eurodollar Loans, or

           (b) imposes or increases or deems applicable any reserve, assessment,
insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of,
deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any
applicable Lending Installation (other than reserves and assessments taken into
account in determining the interest rate applicable to Eurodollar Advances), or

           (c) imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase
the cost to any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation of making, funding
or maintaining its Eurodollar Loans or reduces any amount receivable by any
Lender or any applicable Lending Installation in connection with its Eurodollar
Loans, or requires any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to make any
payment calculated by reference to the amount of Eurodollar Loans held or
interest received by it, by an amount deemed material by such Lender,

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender or
applicable Lending Installation of making or maintaining its Eurodollar Loans or
Commitment or to reduce the return received by such Lender or applicable Lending
Installation in connection with such Eurodollar Loans or Commitment, then,
within 15 days of demand by such Lender, the Borrower shall pay such Lender such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased
cost or reduction in amount received.

       3.2 CHANGES IN CAPITAL ADEQUACY REGULATIONS. If a Lender determines the
amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender, any
Lending Installation of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender
is increased as a result of a Change, then,


                                       21
<PAGE>   23


within 15 days of demand by such Lender, the Borrower shall pay such Lender the
amount necessary to compensate for any shortfall in the rate of return on the
portion of such increased capital which such Lender determines is attributable
to this Agreement, its Loans or its Commitment to make Loans hereunder (after
taking into account such Lender's policies as to capital adequacy). "Change"
means (i) any change after the date of this Agreement in the Risk-Based Capital
Guidelines or (ii) any adoption of or change in any other law, governmental or
quasi-governmental rule, regulation, policy, guideline, interpretation, or
directive (whether or not having the force of law) after the date of this
Agreement which affects the amount of capital required or expected to be
maintained by any Lender or any Lending Installation or any corporation
controlling any Lender. "Risk-Based Capital Guidelines" means (i) the risk-based
capital guidelines in effect in the United States on the date of this Agreement,
including transition rules, and (ii) the corresponding capital regulations
promulgated by regulatory authorities outside the United States implementing the
July 1988 report of the Basle Committee on Banking Regulation and Supervisory
Practices Entitled "International Convergence of Capital Measurements and
Capital Standards," including transition rules, and any amendments to such
regulations adopted prior to the date of this Agreement.

       3.3 AVAILABILITY OF TYPES OF ADVANCES. If any Lender determines that
maintenance of its Eurodollar Loans at a suitable Lending Installation would
violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, or directive, whether or not
having the force of law, or if the Required Lenders reasonably determine that
(i) deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund Eurodollar
Advances are not available or (ii) the interest rate applicable to Eurodollar
Advances does not accurately reflect the cost of making or maintaining
Eurodollar Advances, then the Agent shall suspend the availability of Eurodollar
Advances (other than for a reason applicable to a particular Lender only and not
to the market in general) and require any affected Eurodollar Advances to be
prepaid or converted to Floating Rate Advances, subject to the payment of any
funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4.

       3.4 FUNDING INDEMNIFICATION. If any payment of a Eurodollar Advance
occurs on a date which is not the last day of the applicable Interest Period,
whether because of acceleration, prepayment or otherwise, or a Eurodollar
Advance is not made on the date specified by the Borrower for any reason other
than default by the Lenders, the Borrower will indemnify each Lender for any
loss or cost incurred by it resulting therefrom, including, without limitation,
any loss or cost in liquidating or employing deposits acquired to fund or
maintain such Eurodollar Advance.

       3.5 TAXES. (i) All payments by the Borrower to or for the account of any
Lender or the Agent hereunder or under any Note shall be made free and clear of
and without deduction for any and all Taxes. If the Borrower shall be required
by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to
any Lender or the Agent, (a) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so
that after making all required deductions (including deductions


                                       22
<PAGE>   24


applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.5) such Lender or the
Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have
received had no such deductions been made, (b) the Borrower shall make such
deductions, (c) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant
authority in accordance with applicable law and (d) the Borrower shall furnish
to the Agent the original copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof within 30
days after such payment is made.

       (ii) In addition, the Borrower hereby agrees to pay any present or future
stamp or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes, charges or
similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or under any Note or
from the execution or delivery of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement
or any Note ("Other Taxes").

       (iii) The Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify the Agent and each Lender
for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, any
Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this Section 3.5) paid by
the Agent or such Lender and any liability (including penalties, interest and
expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. Payments due under this
indemnification shall be made within 30 days of the date the Agent or such
Lender makes demand therefor pursuant to Section 3.6.

       (iv) If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any other governmental
authority of the United States or any other country or any political subdivision
thereof asserts a claim that the Agent did not properly withhold tax from
amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because the appropriate form
was not delivered or properly completed, because such Lender failed to notify
the Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered its exemption from
withholding ineffective, or for any other reason), such Lender shall indemnify
the Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Agent as
tax, withholding therefor, or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and
including taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable to the Agent
under this subsection, together with all costs and expenses related thereto
(including attorneys fees and time charges of attorneys for the Agent, which
attorneys may be employees of the Agent). The obligations of the Lenders under
this Section 3.5(iv) shall survive the payment of the Obligations and
termination of this Agreement.

       3.6 LENDER STATEMENTS; SURVIVAL OF INDEMNITY. To the extent reasonably
possible, each Lender shall designate an alternate Lending Installation with
respect to its Eurodollar Loans to reduce any liability of the Borrower to such
Lender under Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5 or to avoid the unavailability of
Eurodollar Advances under Section 3.3, so long as such designation is not, in
the judgment of such Lender, disadvantageous to such Lender. Each Lender shall
deliver a written statement of such Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the
Agent) as to the amount due, if any, under Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 or 3.5. Such
written statement shall set forth in reasonable detail the calculations upon
which such Lender determined such amount and shall be final, conclusive and
binding on the Borrower in the absence of manifest error. Determination of


                                       23
<PAGE>   25


amounts payable under such Sections in connection with a Eurodollar Loan shall
be calculated as though each Lender funded its Eurodollar Loan through the
purchase of a deposit of the type and maturity corresponding to the deposit used
as a reference in determining the Eurodollar Rate applicable to such Loan,
whether in fact that is the case or not. Unless otherwise provided herein, the
amount specified in the written statement of any Lender shall be payable on
demand after receipt by the Borrower of such written statement. The obligations
of the Borrower under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 and 3.5 shall survive payment of
the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
                              --------------------

       4.1 INITIAL ADVANCE. The Lenders shall not be required to make the
initial Advance hereunder unless the Borrower has furnished to the Agent with
sufficient copies for the Lenders:

           (a) Copies of the articles of incorporation of the Borrower, together
with all amendments, and a certificate of existence, each certified by the
appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation.

           (b) Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the
Borrower, of its by-laws and of its Board of Directors' resolutions and of
resolutions or actions of any other body authorizing the execution of the Loan
Documents to which the Borrower is a party.

           (c) An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant
Secretary of the Borrower, which shall identify by name and title and bear the
signatures of the Authorized Officers and any other officers of the Borrower
authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party, upon
which certificate the Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until
informed of any change in writing by the Borrower.

           (d) A certificate, signed by the chief financial officer, treasurer,
corporate controller or investment portfolio manager of the Borrower, stating
that on the initial Borrowing Date no Default or Unmatured Default has occurred
and is continuing.

           (e) A written opinion of the Borrower's counsel, addressed to the
Lenders in substantially the form of Exhibit A.

           (f) Any Notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.13 payable
to the order of each such requesting Lender.

           (g) Written money transfer instructions, in substantially the form of
Exhibit D,


                                       24
<PAGE>   26


addressed to the Agent and signed by an Authorized Officer, together with such
other related money transfer authorizations as the Agent may have reasonably
requested.

           (h) Such other documents as any Lender or its counsel may have
reasonably requested.

       4.2 EACH ADVANCE. The Lenders shall not be required to make any Advance
unless on the applicable Borrowing Date:

           (a) There exists no Default or Unmatured Default.

           (b) The representations and warranties contained in Article V are
true and correct as of such Borrowing Date except to the extent any such
representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in
which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct on
and as of such earlier date.

           (c) All legal matters incident to the making of such Advance shall be
satisfactory to the Lenders and their counsel.

       Each Borrowing Notice with respect to each such Advance shall constitute
a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions contained in
Sections 4.2(a) and (b) have been satisfied. Any Lender may require a duly
completed compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B as a
condition to making an Advance.


                                    ARTICLE V

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                         ------------------------------

       The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:

       5.1 CORPORATE EXISTENCE AND POWER. The Borrower and each of its
Subsidiaries:

           (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation;

           (b) has the power and authority and all governmental licenses,
authorizations, consents and approvals to own its assets, carry on its business
and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents;

           (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and is licensed and in
good


                                       25
<PAGE>   27


standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or
operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification
or license; and

           (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law; except, in each
case referred to in clause (c) or clause (d), to the extent that the failure to
do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

       5.2 CORPORATE AUTHORIZATION; NO CONTRAVENTION. The execution, delivery
and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and each other Loan Document
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not and will
not:

           (a) contravene the terms of any of the Borrower's Organization
Documents;

           (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the
creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any Contractual Obligation
to which the Borrower is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any
Governmental Authority to which the Borrower or its property is subject; or

           (c) violate any Requirement of Law.

       5.3 GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION. No approval, consent, exemption,
authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any
Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the
execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Borrower of
the Agreement or any other Loan Document.

       5.4 BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement and each other Loan Document
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable
against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by equitable
principles relating to enforceability.

       5.5 LITIGATION. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or
disputes pending, or to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened or
contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental
Authority, against the Borrower, or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties which:

           (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or

           (b) as to which there exists a substantial likelihood of an adverse
determination, which determination would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse


                                       26
<PAGE>   28


Effect. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any
nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting
to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, or directing that the transactions provided for
herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided.

       5.6 NO DEFAULT. No Default or Event of Default exists or would result
from the incurring of any Obligations by the Borrower. As of the Closing Date,
neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to
any Contractual Obligation in any respect which, individually or together with
all such defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, or that would, if such default had occurred after the Closing Date,
create an Event of Default under subsection 8.1(e).

       5.7 ERISA COMPLIANCE.

           (a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state law. Each
Plan which is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received
a favorable determination letter from the IRS and to the best knowledge of the
Borrower, nothing has occurred which would cause the loss of such qualification.
The Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate has made all required contributions to any
Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver
or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code
has been made with respect to any Plan.

           (b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of Borrower,
threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority,
with respect to any Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or
violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan which
has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

           (c) (i) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to
occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability; (iii) neither
the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to
incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan
(other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iv)
neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects
to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of
notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under
Section 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (v)
neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that
could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.


                                       27
<PAGE>   29


       5.8 USE OF PROCEEDS; MARGIN REGULATIONS. The proceeds of the Loans are to
be used solely for the purposes set forth in and permitted by Section 6.12 and
Section 7.6.

       5.9 TITLE TO PROPERTIES. The Borrower and each Subsidiary have good
record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in,
all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of their respective
businesses, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, the
property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than
Permitted Liens.

       5.10 TAXES. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal and
other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all
Federal and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental
charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets
otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided in
accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Borrower
or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect.

       5.11 FINANCIAL CONDITION. The audited consolidated financial statements
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated December 31, 1999, (b) the unaudited
consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as at
September 30, 2000 and (c) the related consolidated statements of income or
operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the period ended on such
date:

              (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
       throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly
       noted therein;

              (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and
       its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and results of operations for the
       period covered thereby; and

              (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct
       or contingent, of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of
       the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments
       and Contingent Obligations.

           (a) Since December 31, 1999, there has been no Material Adverse
Effect.

       5.12 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. The Borrower conducts in the ordinary course
of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and existing
Environmental Claims on its business, operations and properties, and as a result
thereof the Borrower has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and
Environmental Claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.


                                       28
<PAGE>   30


       5.13 REGULATED ENTITIES. None of the Borrower, any Person controlling the
Borrower, or any Subsidiary, is an "Investment Company" within the meaning of
the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Borrower is not subject to regulation
under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, the Federal Power Act, the
Interstate Commerce Act, any state public utilities code, or any other Federal
or state statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness.

       5.14 NO BURDENSOME RESTRICTIONS. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary
is a party to or bound by any Contractual Obligation, or subject to any
restriction in any Organization Document, or any Requirement of Law, which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

       5.15 COPYRIGHTS, PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND LICENSES, ETC. The Borrower or
its Subsidiaries own or are licensed or otherwise have the right to use all of
the patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, contractual
franchises, authorizations and other rights that are reasonably necessary for
the operation of their respective businesses, without conflict with the rights
of any other Person. To the best knowledge of the Borrower, no slogan or other
advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material
now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary infringes upon any rights held by any other Person. No claim or
litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or threatened, and no
patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule,
regulation, standard or code is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower,
proposed, which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

       5.16 SUBSIDIARIES. As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no
Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in part (a) of SCHEDULE
5.16 hereto (and Subsidiaries with assets aggregating for all such Subsidiaries
not more than $100,000,000) and has no equity investments in any other
corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in part (b) of
SCHEDULE 5.16.

       5.17 INSURANCE. The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are
insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates
of the Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks
as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning
similar properties in localities where the Borrower or such Subsidiary operates.

       5.18 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in
compliance in all material respects with all Requirements of Law of any
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business (including
the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act), except such as are being contested in
good faith or as to which a bona fide dispute exists.


                                       29
<PAGE>   31


       5.19 FULL DISCLOSURE. None of the representations or warranties made by
the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the Loan Documents as of the date such
representations and warranties are made or deemed made, and none of the
statements contained in any exhibit, report, statement or certificate furnished
by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with the Loan
Documents (including the offering and disclosure materials delivered by or on
behalf of the Borrower to the Banks prior to the Closing Date), contains any
untrue statement of a material fact or omits any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading as of the time when made
or delivered.

       5.20 BANK HOLDING COMPANY ACT. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, except to the
extent that noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                              AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
                              ---------------------

       During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall
otherwise consent in writing:

       6.1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent, in
form and detail satisfactory to the Agent and the Required Lenders, with
sufficient copies for each Lender (which copies the Agent shall promptly deliver
to the Lenders):

           (a) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the
end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the
Borrower, consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of
the end of such fiscal quarter and consolidated statements of earnings and cash
flow of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the
period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end
of such fiscal quarter, certified by the chief financial officer, treasurer,
corporate controller or investment portfolio manager of the Borrower;

           (b) as soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the
end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the annual audit report for
such fiscal year for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including therein
consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end
of such fiscal year and consolidated statements of earnings and cash


                                       30
<PAGE>   32


flow of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, in each case
certified (without any Impermissible Qualification) in a manner acceptable to
the Agent and the Required Lenders by PriceWaterhouseCoopers or other
independent public accountants acceptable to the Agent and the Required Lenders,
together with a certificate from such accountants to the effect that, in making
the examination necessary for the signing of such annual report by such
accountants, they have not become aware of any Default or Unmatured Default that
has occurred and is continuing, or, if they have become aware of such Default or
Unmatured Default, describing such Default or Unmatured Default; and

           (c) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the
end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year of the Borrower, consolidating
balance sheets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal
quarter, certified by the chief financial officer, treasurer, corporate
controller or investment portfolio manager of the Borrower;

           (d) simultaneously with delivery to the applicable regulatory
authority, and in any event within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter,
call reports for each Bank Subsidiary required to deliver a call report, as at
the end of such fiscal quarter, each certified by the respective cashier or
other authorized officer of such Bank Subsidiary and reports filed on Form
FRY9-C and Form FRY9-LP by the Borrower;

           (e) promptly, copies of all financial statements and reports that the
Borrower sends to its shareholders, and copies of all financial statements and
regular, periodical or special reports (including Forms 10K, 10Q and 8K) that
the Borrower or any Subsidiary may make to, or file with, the SEC; and

           (f) promptly, such additional information regarding the business,
financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as the Agent,
at the request of any Lender, may from time to time request.

       The Borrower shall be deemed to have delivered information described in
this Section, if it has posted such information on the internet and advised the
Agent and the Lenders of its location.

       6.2 CERTIFICATES; OTHER INFORMATION. The Borrower shall furnish to the
Agent, with sufficient copies for each Lender (which copies the Agent shall
promptly deliver to the Lenders):

           (a) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the
end of each fiscal quarter, a Compliance Certificate, in each case executed by
the chief financial officer, treasurer, corporate controller or investment
portfolio manager of the Borrower; and

           (b) as soon as possible and in any event within three days after (i)
the


                                       31
<PAGE>   33


occurrence of each Default or Unmatured Default or (ii) the Borrower or the
Principal Bank Subsidiary ceases to be Well-Capitalized, a statement of the
chief financial officer, treasurer, corporate controller or investment portfolio
manager of the Borrower, setting forth details of such event and the action
which the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

       6.3 NOTICES. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Agent and each
Lender:

           (a) of the occurrence of any event or circumstance that foreseeably
will become a Default or Unmatured Default;

           (b) of any matter that has resulted or may result in a Material
Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default
under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (ii) any
dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the
Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the
commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding
affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable
Environmental Laws;

           (c) of the occurrence of any of the following events affecting the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate (but in no event more than 10 days after the
Borrower is aware of the occurrence of such event), and deliver to the Agent and
each Lender a copy of any notice with respect to such event that is filed with a
Governmental Authority and any notice delivered by a Governmental Authority to
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to such event:

              (i) an ERISA Event;

              (ii) a material increase in the Unfunded Pension Liability of any
       Pension Plan;

              (iii) the adoption of, or the commencement of contributions to,
       any Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code by the Borrower or any ERISA
       Affiliate; or

              (iv) the adoption of any amendment to a Plan subject to Section
       412 of the Code, if such amendment results in a material increase in
       contributions or Unfunded Pension Liability.

           (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial
reporting practices by the Borrower that would effect the consolidated financial
statements of the Borrower.

           Each notice under this Section shall be accompanied by a written
statement by an


                                       32
<PAGE>   34


Authorized Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein,
and stating what action the Borrower or any affected Subsidiary proposes to take
with respect thereto and at what time. Each notice under subsection 6.3(a) shall
describe with particularity any and all clauses or provisions of this Agreement
or other Loan Document that have been (or foreseeably will be) breached or
violated.

       6.4 PRESERVATION OF CORPORATE EXISTENCE, ETC. The Borrower shall, and
shall cause each Subsidiary to:

           (a) preserve and maintain in full force and effect its corporate
existence and good standing under the laws of its state or jurisdiction of
incorporation;

           (b) preserve and maintain in full force and effect all governmental
rights, privileges, qualifications, permits, licenses and franchises necessary
or desirable in the normal conduct of its business;

           (c) use reasonable efforts, in the ordinary course of business, to
preserve its business organization and goodwill; and

           (d) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks,
trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

       6.5 MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTY. The Borrower shall maintain, and shall cause
each Subsidiary to maintain, and preserve all its property which is used or
useful in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and
tear excepted.

       6.6 INSURANCE. The Borrower shall maintain, and shall cause each
Subsidiary to maintain, with financially sound and reputable independent
insurers, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or
damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same
or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily
carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons.

       6.7 PAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each
Subsidiary to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all
their respective obligations and liabilities, including:

           (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or
levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance
with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary;


                                       33
<PAGE>   35


           (b) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien
upon its property; and

           (c) all indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to any
subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing
such Indebtedness.

       6.8 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Borrower shall comply, and shall cause each
Subsidiary to comply, in all material respects with all Requirements of Law of
any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business
(including the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act), except such as may be
contested in good faith or as to which a bona fide dispute may exist.

       6.9 COMPLIANCE WITH ERISA. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of
its ERISA Affiliates to: (a) maintain each Plan in compliance in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or
state law; (b) cause each Plan which is qualified under Section 401(a) of the
Code to maintain such qualification; and (c) make all required contributions to
any Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code.

       6.10 INSPECTION OF PROPERTY AND BOOKS AND RECORDS. The Borrower shall
maintain and shall cause each Subsidiary to maintain proper books of record and
account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP
consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters
involving the assets and business of the Borrower and such Subsidiary. The
Borrower shall permit, and shall cause each Subsidiary to permit,
representatives and independent contractors of the Agent or any Lender to visit
and inspect any of their respective properties, to examine their respective
corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts
therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with
their respective directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at
such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be
reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, when a Default exists the Agent or any Lender may do any of the
foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business
hours and without advance notice.

       6.11 ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each
Subsidiary to, conduct its operations and keep and maintain its property in
compliance with all Environmental Laws.

       6.12 USE OF PROCEEDS. The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loans
for working capital and other general corporate purposes not in contravention of
any Requirement of Law or this Agreement.


                                       34
<PAGE>   36


                                   ARTICLE VII

                               NEGATIVE COVENANTS
                               ------------------

       So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, or any Loan or
other Obligation shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, unless the Required Lenders
waive compliance in writing:

       7.1 LIMITATION ON LIENS. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or
permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, make, create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any part of its property,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following ("PERMITTED
LIENS"):

           (a) Liens created or assumed in the ordinary course of the banking or
financial services business of any Subsidiary or of the Borrower;

           (b) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges
which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty, or to the extent
that non-payment thereof is permitted by Section 6.7, provided that no notice of
lien has been filed or recorded under the Code;

           (c) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', landlords', materialmen's,
repairmen's or other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business
which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or which are being
contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have
the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject thereto;

           (d) Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) consisting of
pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection
with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security
legislation;

           (e) Liens consisting of judgment or judicial attachment liens,
provided that the enforcement of such Liens is effectively stayed and all such
liens in the aggregate at any time outstanding for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries do not exceed $3,000,000;

           (f) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar
encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business which, in the
aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case
materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or


                                       35
<PAGE>   37


interfere with the ordinary conduct of the businesses of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries; and

           (g) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law
provision relating to banker's liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and
remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor
depository institution; PROVIDED THAT (i) such deposit account is not a
dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against
access by the Borrower in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated
by the FRB, and (ii) such deposit account is not intended by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institutions.

       7.2 BUSINESS ACTIVITIES. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business activities other than activities
permitted for bank holding companies or national banking associations under
applicable law.

       7.3 DISPOSITION OF ASSETS. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer
or permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, lease,
convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of (whether in one or a series of
transactions) any material portions of its assets except in the ordinary course
of business or except any sale, assignment, lease, conveyance, transfer or
disposition which would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

       7.4 FINANCIAL CONDITION. The Borrower will not permit:

           (a) Its ratio of (i) consolidated Tier One Capital plus consolidated
Tier Two Capital to (ii) Risk-Weighted Assets to be less than 10.0%.

           (b) Its ratio of consolidated Tier One Capital to Risk-Weighted
Assets to be less than 6.0%.

           (c) Its consolidated net worth to be less than $680,000,000 plus the
sum of (i) 50% of consolidated net income from December 31, 1999 to the date of
any calculation hereunder (without giving effect to any loss in any fiscal
quarter) and (ii) the net proceeds of any equity issuance by the Borrower (or
any Subsidiary) after December 31, 1999.

           (d) Its consolidated Non-Performing Ratio to be greater than 20%.

           (e) Its Double Leverage Ratio to be greater than 120%.

           (f) Its Leverage Ratio to be less than 5.0%.

       7.5 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. The Borrower shall not, and shall not
suffer or permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction with any
Affiliate of the Borrower, except


                                       36
<PAGE>   38


upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such
Subsidiary than would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a
Person not an Affiliate of the Borrower or such Subsidiary.

       7.6 USE OF PROCEEDS. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or
permit any Subsidiary to, use any portion of the Loan proceeds, directly or
indirectly, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock, (ii) to repay or otherwise
refinance indebtedness of the Borrower or others incurred to purchase or carry
Margin Stock, (iii) to extend credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying
any Margin Stock, (iv) to purchase any stock unless approved by the board of
directors of the company being acquired, or (v) to acquire any security in any
transaction that is subject to Section 13 or 14 of the Exchange Act.

       7.7 ERISA. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of
its ERISA Affiliates to: (a) engage in a prohibited transaction or violation of
the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan which has resulted
or could reasonably expected to result in liability of the Borrower in an
aggregate amount in excess of $3,000,000; or (b) engage in a transaction that
could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.

       7.8 CHANGE IN BUSINESS. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or
permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any line of business material to the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, substantially different from
those lines of business carried on by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the
date hereof.

       7.9 ACCOUNTING CHANGES. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or
permit any Subsidiary to, make any significant change in accounting treatment or
reporting practices, except as required by GAAP, or change the fiscal year of
the Borrower or of any Subsidiary.


                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT
                                -----------------

       8.1 DEFAULT. Any of the following shall constitute a "DEFAULT":

           (a) NON-PAYMENT. The Borrower fails to pay, (i) when and as required
to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within five days
after the same becomes due, any interest, fee or any other amount payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or

           (b) REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY. Any representation or warranty by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary made or deemed made herein, in any other Loan
Document, or which


                                       37
<PAGE>   39


is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement by the
Borrower, any Subsidiary, or any Responsible Officer, furnished at any time
under this Agreement, or in or under any other Loan Document, is incorrect in
any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or

           (c) SPECIFIC DEFAULTS. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any
term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Article VII; or

           (d) OTHER DEFAULTS. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any
other term or covenant contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the
date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Agent or
any Lender; or

           (e) CROSS-DEFAULT. The Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) fails to make
any payment in respect of any Indebtedness or Contingent Obligation having an
aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and
including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit
arrangement) of more than $15,000,000 when due (whether by scheduled maturity,
required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) and such failure
continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the
relevant document on the date of such failure; or (ii) fails to perform or
observe any other condition or covenant, or any other event shall occur or
condition exist, under any agreement or instrument relating to any such
Indebtedness or Contingent Obligation, and such failure continues after the
applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on
the date of such failure if the effect of such failure, event or condition is to
cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or beneficiary or
beneficiaries of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such
holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause such Indebtedness to
be declared to be due and payable prior to its stated maturity, or such
Contingent Obligation to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to
be demanded; or

           (f) INSOLVENCY; VOLUNTARY PROCEEDINGS. The Borrower or any Subsidiary
(i) ceases or fails to be solvent, or generally fails to pay, or admits in
writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to
applicable grace periods, if any, whether at stated maturity or otherwise; (ii)
voluntarily ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; (iii)
commences any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself; or (iv) takes any
action to effectuate or authorize any of the foregoing;

           (g) INVOLUNTARY PROCEEDINGS. (i) Any involuntary Insolvency
Proceeding is commenced or filed against the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any
writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process, is issued
or levied against a substantial part of the Borrower's or any Subsidiary's
properties, and any such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such
writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be
released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 days after commencement, filing or
levy; (ii) the


                                       38
<PAGE>   40


Borrower or any Subsidiary admits the material allegations of a petition against
it in any Insolvency Proceeding, or an order for relief (or similar order under
non-U.S. law) is ordered in any Insolvency Proceeding; or (iii) the Borrower or
any Subsidiary acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian,
conservator, liquidator, mortgagee in possession (or agent therefor), or other
similar Person for itself or a substantial portion of its property or business;
or

           (h) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event shall occur with respect to a Pension
Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to
result in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan,
Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of $3,000,000;
(ii) the aggregate amount of Unfunded Pension Liability among all Pension Plans
at any time exceeds $3,000,000; or (iii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
shall fail to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period,
any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section
4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of
$3,000,000; or

           (i) MONETARY JUDGMENTS. One or more non-interlocutory judgments, non-
interlocutory orders, decrees or arbitration awards is entered against the
Borrower or any Subsidiary involving in the aggregate a liability (to the extent
not covered by independent third- party insurance as to which the insurer does
not dispute coverage) as to any single or related series of transactions,
incidents or conditions, of $15,000,000 or more, and the same shall remain
unsatisfied, unvacated and unstayed pending appeal for a period of 10 days after
the entry thereof; or

           (j) NON-MONETARY JUDGMENTS. Any non-monetary judgment, order or
decree is entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary which does or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be any
period of 10 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such
judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in
effect; or

           (k) CHANGE OF CONTROL. There occurs any Change of Control; or

           (l) LOSS OF LICENSES. Any Governmental Authority revokes or fails to
renew any material license, permit or franchise of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary, or the Borrower or any Subsidiary for any reason loses any material
license, permit or franchise, or the Borrower or any Subsidiary suffers the
imposition of any restraining order, escrow, suspension or impound of funds in
connection with any proceeding (judicial or administrative) with respect to any
material license, permit or franchise.

       8.2 REMEDIES. If any Default occurs, the Agent shall, at the request of,
or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders,


                                       39
<PAGE>   41


           (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be
terminated, whereupon such commitments shall be terminated;

           (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all
interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable,
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; and

           (c) exercise on behalf of itself and the Banks all rights and
remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable
law;

PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that upon the occurrence of any event specified in subsection
(f) or (g) of Section 8.1 (in the case of clause (i) of subsection (g) upon the
expiration of the 60-day period mentioned therein), the obligation of each
Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate and the unpaid principal
amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid
shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Agent or
any Lender.

       8.3 RIGHTS NOT EXCLUSIVE. The rights provided for in this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other
rights, powers, privileges or remedies provided by law or in equity, or under
any other instrument, document or agreement now existing or hereafter arising.


                                   ARTICLE IX

                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------

       9.1 AMENDMENTS. Subject to the provisions of this Article IX, the
Required Lenders (or the Agent with the consent in writing of the Required
Lenders) and the Borrower may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the
purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing
in any manner the rights of the Lenders or the Borrower hereunder or waiving any
Default hereunder; provided, however, that no such supplemental agreement shall,
without the consent of all of the Lenders:

       (i)    Extend the final maturity of any Loan or forgive all or any
              portion of the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate or
              extend the time of payment of interest or fees thereon.

       (ii)   Reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required
              Lenders.

       (iii)  Extend the Facility Termination Date, or reduce the amount or
              extend the payment


                                       40
<PAGE>   42


              date for, the mandatory payments required under Section 2.2, or
              increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender hereunder, or
              permit the Borrower to assign its rights under this Agreement.

       (iv)   Amend this Section 9.1.

No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Agent shall be
effective without the written consent of the Agent. The Agent may waive payment
of the fee required under Section 13.3.2 without obtaining the consent of any
other party to this Agreement.

       9.2 PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS. No delay or omission of the Lenders or the
Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or
be construed to be a waiver of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and the
making of a Loan notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability of
the Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Loan shall not
constitute any waiver or acquiescence. Any single or partial exercise of any
such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms,
conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless
in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2, and then only
to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies contained in
the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be
available to the Agent and the Lenders until the Obligations have been paid in
full.


                                    ARTICLE X

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS
                               ------------------

       10.1 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS. All representations and warranties of
the Borrower contained in this Agreement shall survive the making of the Loans
herein contemplated.

       10.2 GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION. Anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the
Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any
applicable statute or regulation.

       10.3 HEADINGS. Section headings in the Loan Documents are for convenience
of reference only, and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the
provisions of the Loan Documents.

       10.4 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and
understanding among the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings among the Borrower, the Agent and the
Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof.


                                       41
<PAGE>   43


       10.5 SEVERAL OBLIGATIONS; BENEFITS OF THIS AGREEMENT. The respective
obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender
shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the
Agent is authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of
its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its
obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall not be construed so as to confer any
right or benefit upon any Person other than the parties to this Agreement and
their respective successors and assigns, provided, however, that the parties
hereto expressly agree that the Arranger shall enjoy the benefits of the
provisions of Sections 10.6, 10.10 and 11.11 to the extent specifically set
forth therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on its own
behalf and in its own name to the same extent as if it were a party to this
Agreement.

       10.6 EXPENSES; INDEMNIFICATION. (i) The Borrower shall reimburse the
Agent and the Arranger for any costs, internal charges and out-of-pocket
expenses (including attorneys' fees and time charges of attorneys for the Agent,
which attorneys may be employees of the Agent) paid or incurred by the Agent or
the Arranger in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution,
delivery, syndication, review, amendment, modification, and administration of
the Loan Documents. The Borrower also agrees to reimburse the Agent, the
Arranger and the Lenders for any costs, internal charges and out-of-pocket
expenses (including attorneys' fees and time charges of attorneys for the Agent,
the Arranger and the Lenders, which attorneys may be employees of the Agent, the
Arranger or the Lenders) paid or incurred by the Agent, the Arranger or any
Lender in connection with the collection and enforcement of the Loan Documents.

       (ii) The Borrower hereby further agrees to indemnify the Agent, the
Arranger and each Lender, its directors, officers and employees against all
losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses
(including, without limitation, all expenses of litigation or preparation
therefor whether or not the Agent, the Arranger or any Lender is a party
thereto) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or the
direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any
Loan hereunder except to the extent that they are determined in a final
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party seeking
indemnification. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 10.6 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement.

       10.7 NUMBERS OF DOCUMENTS. All statements, notices, closing documents,
and requests hereunder shall be furnished to the Agent with sufficient
counterparts so that the Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders.

       10.8 ACCOUNTING. Except as provided to the contrary herein, all
accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted and all accounting
determinations hereunder shall be made in accordance with GAAP.


                                       42
<PAGE>   44


       10.9 SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. Any provision in any Loan Document that
is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall,
as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without
affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation,
enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to
this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable.

       10.10 NONLIABILITY OF LENDERS. The relationship between the Borrower on
the one hand and the Lenders and the Agent on the other hand shall be solely
that of borrower and lender. Neither the Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender
shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower. Neither the Agent,
the Arranger nor any Lender undertakes any responsibility to the Borrower to
review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the
Borrower's business or operations. The Borrower agrees that neither the Agent,
the Arranger nor any Lender shall have liability to the Borrower (whether
sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by the Borrower in
connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, the transactions
contemplated and the relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act,
omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in
a final non- appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such
losses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party
from which recovery is sought. Neither the Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender
shall have any liability with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives,
releases and agrees not to sue for, any special, indirect or consequential
damages suffered by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any
way related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby.

       10.11 CONFIDENTIALITY. Each Lender agrees to hold any confidential
information which it may receive from the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement in
confidence, except for disclosure (i) to its Affiliates and to other Lenders and
their respective Affiliates, (ii) to legal counsel, accountants, and other
professional advisors to such Lender or to a Transferee, (iii) to regulatory
officials, (iv) to any Person as requested pursuant to or as required by law,
regulation, or legal process, (v) to any Person in connection with any legal
proceeding to which such Lender is a party, (vi) to such Lender's direct or
indirect contractual counterparties in swap agreements or to legal counsel,
accountants and other professional advisors to such counterparties, and (vii)
permitted by Section 13.4.

       10.12 NONRELIANCE. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying
on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System) for the repayment of the Loans provided
for herein.


                                   ARTICLE XI



                                       43
<PAGE>   45




                                    THE AGENT
                                    ---------

       11.1 APPOINTMENT; NATURE OF RELATIONSHIP. Bank One, NA is hereby
appointed by each of the Lenders as its contractual representative (herein
referred to as the "Agent") hereunder and under each other Loan Document, and
each of the Lenders irrevocably authorizes the Agent to act as the contractual
representative of such Lender with the rights and duties expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents. The Agent agrees to act as such
contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this Article
XI. Notwithstanding the use of the defined term "Agent," it is expressly
understood and agreed that the Agent shall not have any fiduciary
responsibilities to any Lender by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document and that the Agent is merely acting as the contractual representative
of the Lenders with only those duties as are expressly set forth in this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In its capacity as the Lenders'
contractual representative, the Agent (i) does not hereby assume any fiduciary
duties to any of the Lenders, (ii) is a "representative" of the Lenders within
the meaning of Section 9-105 of the Uniform Commercial Code and (iii) is acting
as an independent contractor, the rights and duties of which are limited to
those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each
of the Lenders hereby agrees to assert no claim against the Agent on any agency
theory or any other theory of liability for breach of fiduciary duty, all of
which claims each Lender hereby waives.

       11.2 POWERS. The Agent shall have and may exercise such powers under the
Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Agent by the terms of each
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The
Agent shall have no implied duties to the Lenders, or any obligation to the
Lenders to take any action thereunder except any action specifically provided by
the Loan Documents to be taken by the Agent.

       11.3 GENERAL IMMUNITY. Neither the Agent nor any of its directors,
officers, agents or employees shall be liable to the Borrower, the Lenders or
any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder
or under any other Loan Document or in connection herewith or therewith except
to the extent such action or inaction is determined in a final non- appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Person.

       11.4 NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOANS, RECITALS, ETC. Neither the Agent nor
any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or
have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, or verify (a) any statement, warranty
or representation made in connection with any Loan Document or any borrowing
hereunder; (b) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or
agreements of any obligor under any Loan Document, including, without
limitation, any agreement by an obligor to furnish information directly to each
Lender; (c) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article IV, except
receipt of items required to be delivered solely to the Agent; (d) the existence
or possible existence of any Default or Unmatured Default; (e) the


                                       44
<PAGE>   46


validity, enforceability, effectiveness, sufficiency or genuineness of any Loan
Document or any other instrument or writing furnished in connection therewith;
(f) the value, sufficiency, creation, perfection or priority of any Lien in any
collateral security; or (g) the financial condition of the Borrower or any
guarantor of any of the Obligations or of any of the Borrower's or any such
guarantor's respective Subsidiaries. The Agent shall have no duty to disclose to
the Lenders information that is not required to be furnished by the Borrower to
the Agent at such time, but is voluntarily furnished by the Borrower to the
Agent (either in its capacity as Agent or in its individual capacity).

       11.5 ACTION ON INSTRUCTIONS OF LENDERS. The Agent shall in all cases be
fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder and under any
other Loan Document in accordance with written instructions signed by the
Required Lenders, and such instructions and any action taken or failure to act
pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of the Lenders. The Lenders hereby
acknowledge that the Agent shall be under no duty to take any discretionary
action permitted to be taken by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document unless it shall be requested in writing to do so by
the Required Lenders. The Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing
to take any action hereunder and under any other Loan Document unless it shall
first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders pro rata against any and
all liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or
continuing to take any such action.

       11.6 EMPLOYMENT OF AGENTS AND COUNSEL. The Agent may execute any of its
duties as Agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or through
employees, agents, and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be answerable to the
Lenders, except as to money or securities received by it or its authorized
agents, for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact
selected by it with reasonable care. The Agent shall be entitled to advice of
counsel concerning the contractual arrangement between the Agent and the Lenders
and all matters pertaining to the Agent's duties hereunder and under any other
Loan Document.

       11.7 RELIANCE ON DOCUMENTS; COUNSEL. The Agent shall be entitled to rely
upon any Note, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram,
statement, paper or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have been signed or sent by the proper person or persons, and, in respect to
legal matters, upon the opinion of counsel selected by the Agent, which counsel
may be employees of the Agent.

       11.8 AGENT'S REIMBURSEMENT AND INDEMNIFICATION. The Lenders agree to
reimburse and indemnify the Agent ratably in proportion to their respective
Commitments (or, if the Commitments have been terminated, in proportion to their
Commitments immediately prior to such termination) (i) for any amounts not
reimbursed by the Borrower for which the Agent is entitled to reimbursement by
the Borrower under the Loan Documents, (ii) for any other expenses incurred by
the Agent on behalf of the Lenders, in connection with the preparation,


                                       45
<PAGE>   47


execution, delivery, administration and enforcement of the Loan Documents
(including, without limitation, for any expenses incurred by the Agent in
connection with any dispute between the Agent and any Lender or between two or
more of the Lenders) and (iii) for any liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or
asserted against the Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan
Documents or any other document delivered in connection therewith or the
transactions contemplated thereby (including, without limitation, for any such
amounts incurred by or asserted against the Agent in connection with any dispute
between the Agent and any Lender or between two or more of the Lenders), or the
enforcement of any of the terms of the Loan Documents or of any such other
documents, provided that (i) no Lender shall be liable for any of the foregoing
to the extent any of the foregoing is found in a final non-appealable judgment
by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of the Agent and (ii) any indemnification required
pursuant to Section 3.5(iv) shall, notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 11.8, be paid by the relevant Lender in accordance with the provisions
thereof. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.8 shall survive
payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

       11.9 NOTICE OF DEFAULT. The Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge
or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default hereunder unless
the Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to
this Agreement describing such Default or Unmatured Default and stating that
such notice is a "notice of default". In the event that the Agent receives such
a notice, the Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders.

       11.10 RIGHTS AS A LENDER. In the event the Agent is a Lender, the Agent
shall have the same rights and powers hereunder and under any other Loan
Document with respect to its Commitment and its Loans as any Lender and may
exercise the same as though it were not the Agent, and the term "Lender" or
"Lenders" shall, at any time when the Agent is a Lender, unless the context
otherwise indicates, include the Agent in its individual capacity. The Agent and
its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in
any kind of trust, debt, equity or other transaction, in addition to those
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, with the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries in which the Borrower or such Subsidiary is not
restricted hereby from engaging with any other Person.

       11.11 LENDER CREDIT DECISION. Each Lender acknowledges that it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Arranger or any other
Lender and based on the financial statements prepared by the Borrower and such
other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own
credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without
reliance upon the Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to
make its own credit decisions in


                                       46
<PAGE>   48


taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

       11.12 SUCCESSOR AGENT. The Agent may resign at any time by giving written
notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower, such resignation to be effective
upon the appointment of a successor Agent or, if no successor Agent has been
appointed, forty-five days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its
intention to resign. The Agent may be removed at any time with or without cause
by written notice received by the Agent from the Required Lenders, such removal
to be effective on the date specified by the Required Lenders. Upon any such
resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint, on
behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders, a successor Agent. If no successor Agent
shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders within thirty days after
the resigning Agent's giving notice of its intention to resign, then the
resigning Agent may appoint, on behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders, a
successor Agent. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Agent may at any
time without the consent of the Borrower or any Lender, appoint any of its
Affiliates which is a commercial bank as a successor Agent hereunder. If the
Agent has resigned or been removed and no successor Agent has been appointed,
the Lenders may perform all the duties of the Agent hereunder and the Borrower
shall make all payments in respect of the Obligations to the applicable Lender
and for all other purposes shall deal directly with the Lenders. No successor
Agent shall be deemed to be appointed hereunder until such successor Agent has
accepted the appointment. Any such successor Agent shall be a commercial bank
having capital and retained earnings of at least $100,000,000. Upon the
acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such
successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning or removed Agent. Upon
the effectiveness of the resignation or removal of the Agent, the resigning or
removed Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and
under the Loan Documents. After the effectiveness of the resignation or removal
of an Agent, the provisions of this Article XI shall continue in effect for the
benefit of such Agent in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by
it while it was acting as the Agent hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents. In the event that there is a successor to the Agent by merger, or the
Agent assigns its duties and obligations to an Affiliate pursuant to this
Section 11.12, then the term "Corporate Base Rate" as used in this Agreement
shall mean the prime rate, base rate or other analogous rate of the new Agent.

       11.13 DELEGATION TO AFFILIATES. The Borrower and the Lenders agree that
the Agent may delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any of its
Affiliates. Any such Affiliate (and such Affiliate's directors, officers, agents
and employees) which performs duties in connection with this Agreement shall be
entitled to the same benefits of the indemnification, waiver and other
protective provisions to which the Agent is entitled under Articles X and XI.


                                   ARTICLE XII



                                       47
<PAGE>   49


                            SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS
                            ------------------------

       12.1 SETOFF. In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the
Lenders under applicable law, if the Borrower becomes insolvent, however
evidenced, or any Default occurs, any and all deposits (including all account
balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not collected or
available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by any Lender or
any Affiliate of any Lender to or for the credit or account of the Borrower may
be offset and applied toward the payment of the Obligations owing to such
Lender, whether or not the Obligations, or any part hereof, shall then be due.

       12.2 RATABLE PAYMENTS. If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has
payment made to it upon its Loans (other than payments received pursuant to
Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 or 3.5) in a greater proportion than that received by any
other Lender, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase a portion of
the Loans held by the other Lenders so that after such purchase each Lender will
hold its ratable proportion of Loans. If any Lender, whether in connection with
setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or otherwise, receives
collateral or other protection for its Obligations or such amounts which may be
subject to setoff, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to take such action
necessary such that all Lenders share in the benefits of such collateral ratably
in proportion to their Loans. In case any such payment is disturbed by legal
process, or otherwise, appropriate further adjustments shall be made.


                                  ARTICLE XIII

                BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS
                -------------------------------------------------

       13.1 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. The terms and provisions of the Loan
Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the
Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, except that (i) the
Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights or obligations under the
Loan Documents and (ii) any assignment by any Lender must be made in compliance
with Section 13.3. Notwithstanding clause (ii) of this Section, any Lender may
at any time, without the consent of the Borrower or the Agent, assign all or any
portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to a Federal Reserve
Bank; provided, however, that no such assignment to a Federal Reserve Bank shall
release the transferor Lender from its obligations hereunder. The Agent may
treat the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note as the owner
thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until such Person complies with
Section 13.3 in the case of an assignment thereof or, in the case of any other
transfer, a written notice of the transfer is filed with the Agent. Any assignee
or transferee of the rights to any Loan or any Note agrees by acceptance of such
transfer or assignment to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Loan
Documents. Any request, authority or consent of any Person, who at the time of
making such request or giving such authority or consent is the owner of the
rights to any Loan


                                       48
<PAGE>   50


(whether or not a Note has been issued in evidence thereof), shall be conclusive
and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee or assignee of the rights to
such Loan.

       13.2 PARTICIPATIONS.

            13.2.1. PERMITTED PARTICIPANTS; EFFECT. Any Lender may, in the
       ordinary course of its business and in accordance with applicable law, at
       any time sell to one or more banks or other entities ("Participants")
       participating interests in any Loan owing to such Lender, any Note held
       by such Lender, any Commitment of such Lender or any other interest of
       such Lender under the Loan Documents. In the event of any such sale by a
       Lender of participating interests to a Participant, such Lender's
       obligations under the Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, such Lender
       shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
       performance of such obligations, such Lender shall remain the owner of
       its Loans and the holder of any Note issued to it in evidence thereof for
       all purposes under the Loan Documents, all amounts payable by the
       Borrower under this Agreement shall be determined as if such Lender had
       not sold such participating interests, and the Borrower and the Agent
       shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection
       with such Lender's rights and obligations under the Loan Documents.

              13.2.2. VOTING RIGHTS. Each Lender shall retain the sole right to
       approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment,
       modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents other than
       any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to any Loan or
       Commitment in which such Participant has an interest which forgives
       principal, interest or fees or reduces the interest rate or fees payable
       with respect to any such Loan or Commitment, extends the Facility
       Termination Date or postpones any date fixed for any regularly-scheduled
       payment of principal of, or interest or fees on, any such Loan or
       Commitment.

              13.2.3. BENEFIT OF SETOFF. The Borrower agrees that each
       Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff provided in
       Section 12.1 in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing
       under the Loan Documents to the same extent as if the amount of its
       participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under the
       Loan Documents. The Lenders agree to share with each Participant, and
       each Participant, by exercising the right of setoff provided in Section
       12.1, agrees to share with each Lender, any amount received pursuant to
       the exercise of its right of setoff, such amounts to be shared in
       accordance with Section 12.2 as if each Participant were a Lender.

       13.3 ASSIGNMENTS.

            13.3.1. PERMITTED ASSIGNMENTS. Any Lender may, in the ordinary
       course of its


                                       49
<PAGE>   51


       business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign to one
       or more banks or other entities organized under the laws of the United
       States or a state thereof ("Purchasers") all or any part of its rights
       and obligations under the Loan Documents. Such assignment shall be
       substantially in the form of Exhibit C or in such other form as may be
       agreed to by the parties thereto. The consent of the Borrower and the
       Agent shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective with
       respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof;
       provided, however, that if a Default has occurred and is continuing, the
       consent of the Borrower shall not be required. Such consent shall not be
       unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each such assignment with respect to a
       Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof shall (unless
       each of the Borrower and the Agent otherwise consents) be in an amount
       not less than the lesser of (i) $3,500,000 or (ii) the remaining amount
       of the assigning Lender's Commitment (calculated as at the date of such
       assignment) or outstanding Loans (if the applicable Commitment has been
       terminated).

              13.3.2. EFFECT; EFFECTIVE DATE. Upon (i) delivery to the Agent of
       an assignment, together with any consents required by Section 13.3.1, and
       (ii) payment of a $3,000 fee to the Agent by the selling Lender or the
       Purchaser for processing such assignment (unless such fee is waived by
       the Agent), such assignment shall become effective on the effective date
       specified in such assignment. The assignment shall contain a
       representation by the Purchaser to the effect that none of the
       consideration used to make the purchase of the Commitment and Loans under
       the applicable assignment agreement constitutes "plan assets" as defined
       under ERISA and that the rights and interests of the Purchaser in and
       under the Loan Documents will not be "plan assets" under ERISA. On and
       after the effective date of such assignment, such Purchaser shall for all
       purposes be a Lender party to this Agreement and any other Loan Document
       executed by or on behalf of the Lenders and shall have all the rights and
       obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the same extent as
       if it were an original party hereto, and no further consent or action by
       the Borrower, the Lenders or the Agent shall be required to release the
       transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate
       Commitment and Loans assigned to such Purchaser. Upon the consummation of
       any assignment to a Purchaser pursuant to this Section 13.3.2, the
       transferor Lender, the Agent and the Borrower shall, if the transferor
       Lender or the Purchaser desires that its Loans be evidenced by Notes,
       make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes or, as appropriate,
       replacement Notes are issued to such transferor Lender and new Notes or,
       as appropriate, replacement Notes, are issued to such Purchaser, in each
       case in principal amounts reflecting their respective Commitments, as
       adjusted pursuant to such assignment.

       13.4 DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION. The Borrower authorizes each Lender to
disclose to any Participant or Purchaser or any other Person acquiring an
interest in the Loan Documents by operation of law (each a "Transferee") and any
prospective Transferee any and all information


                                       50
<PAGE>   52


in such Lender's possession concerning the creditworthiness of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries, including without limitation any information contained in any
Reports; provided that each Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees to be
bound by Section 10.11 of this Agreement.

       13.5 TAX TREATMENT. If any interest in any Loan Document is transferred
to any Transferee which is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other
than the United States or any State thereof, the transferor Lender shall cause
such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply
with the provisions of Section 3.5(iv).


                                   ARTICLE XIV

                                     NOTICES
                                     -------

       14.1 NOTICES. Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.14 with respect
to borrowing notices, all notices, requests and other communications to any
party hereunder shall be in writing (including electronic transmission,
facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (x)
in the case of the Borrower or the Agent, at its address or facsimile number set
forth on the signature pages hereof, (y) in the case of any Lender, at its
address or facsimile number set forth in its administrative questionnaire or (z)
in the case of any party, at such other address or facsimile number as such
party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Agent and the
Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.1. Each such
notice, request or other communication shall be effective when received or
delivered.

       14.2 CHANGE OF ADDRESS. The Borrower, the Agent and any Lender may each
change the address for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing to the
other parties hereto.


                                   ARTICLE XV

                                  COUNTERPARTS
                                  ------------

       This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties
hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This
Agreement shall be effective when it has been executed by the Borrower, the
Agent and the Lenders and each party has notified the Agent by facsimile
transmission or telephone that it has taken such action.


                                       51
<PAGE>   53



                                   ARTICLE XVI

          CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
          ------------------------------------------------------------

       16.1 CHOICE OF LAW. THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINING A
CONTRARY EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE INTERNAL LAWS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 735 ILCS SECTION 105/5-1 ET
SEQ, BUT OTHERWISE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS) OF THE
STATE OF ILLINOIS, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL
BANKS.

       16.2 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO
THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR ILLINOIS STATE
COURT SITTING IN CHICAGO, ILLINOIS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT
ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED
IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER
HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A
COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT
THE RIGHT OF THE AGENT OR ANY LENDER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE BORROWER
IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY THE BORROWER
AGAINST THE AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE AGENT OR ANY LENDER
INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED
TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.

       16.3 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER, THE AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY
WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY
WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE
RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.


                                       52
<PAGE>   54




       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Agent have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written.


                                       FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION



                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------

                                       Title:
                                             -----------------------------



                                      S-1

<PAGE>   55


COMMITMENTS

$25,000,000                            BANK ONE, NA,
                                       Individually and as Agent


                                       By:
                                          ---------------------------------

                                       Title:
                                             ------------------------------
                                             1 Bank One Plaza, IL1-0162
                                             Chicago, Illinois 60670
                                             Attention:  Jennings F. Werner

                                             Telephone:  (312) 732-4377
                                             Fax:        (312) 732-6222



                                      S-2

<PAGE>   56




COMMITMENTS

$25,000,000                            MELLON BANK, N.A.


                                       By:
                                          ------------------------------------

                                       Title:
                                             ---------------------------------
                                             One Mellon Bank Center, Room 4425
                                             Pittsburgh, PA 15258-0001
                                             Attention: Daniel Beagle

                                             Telephone:   (412) 234-0169
                                             Fax:         (412) 234-9047



                                       S-3

<PAGE>   57



COMMITMENTS

$25,000,000                            THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------

                                       Title:
                                             -----------------------------
                                             50 South LaSalle Street
                                             Chicago, Illinois 60675
                                             Attention: Thomas E. Bernhardt

                                             Telephone:   (312) 444-7202
                                             Fax:         (312) 557-8337



                                      S-4

<PAGE>   58




COMMITMENTS

$25,000,000                            SUNTRUST BANK


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------

                                       Title:
                                             -----------------------------
                                             Mail Code 121
                                             P.O. Box 4418
                                             Atlanta, GA 30302-4418
                                             Attention:  William G. Daniel, Jr.

                                             Telephone:   (404) 588-7402
                                             Fax:         (404) 581-1775



                                       S-5

<PAGE>   59



                                   Schedule 1
                                  Subsidiaries



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             JURISDICTION OF                 PERCENTAGE
NAME                                                          ORGANIZATION                     OWNED
----                                                         ---------------                 ----------
<S>                                                          <C>                                <C>
FirstMerit Bank, N.A.                                        NationalAssociation                100%
Mobile Consultants                                           Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Community Development Corp.                       Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Credit Life Insurance Company                     Arizona                            100%
Citizens Investment Corp.*                                   Ohio                               100%
Citizens Savings Corp. Of Stark County                       Ohio                               100%
SF Development Corp.                                         Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Mortgage Corp.                                    Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Securities, Inc.                                  Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Leasing Company                                   Ohio                               100%
OPN, Inc.                                                    Ohio                               100%
Abell & Associates, Inc.                                     Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Insurance Agency, Inc.                            Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Commercial Insurance Agency, Inc.                 Ohio                               100%
Signal Finance Co.                                           Ohio                               100%
FMSC, Inc.                                                   Delaware                           100%
FirstMerit Capital Trust I                                   Delaware                           100%
Home Financial Services Corp.*                               Ohio                               100%
Professional Appraisal Services Corp.*                       Ohio                               100%
FirstMerit Title Agency, Ltd.                                Ohio                               100%
FMS, Inc.                                                    Delaware                           100%
FirstMerit Mortgage Reinsurance Company, Inc.                Hawaii                             100%
FMRC, Inc.                                                   Delaware                           100%
Alpha Equipment Group, Inc.                                  Ohio                               100%
</TABLE>

*Inactive

                                  Schedule 2-1

<PAGE>   60




                                   Schedule 2

                                      None








                                  Schedule 2-2

<PAGE>   61




                                    EXHIBIT A
                                 FORM OF OPINION



                                            , 2000
--------------------------------------------


The Agent and the Lenders who are parties to the
Credit Agreement described below.



Gentlemen/Ladies:


       We are counsel for FirstMerit Corporation (the "Borrower"), and have
represented the Borrower in connection with its execution and delivery of a
Credit Agreement dated as of November 27, 2000 (the "Agreement") among the
Borrower, the Lenders named therein, and Bank One, NA, as Agent, and providing
for Advances in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $100,000,000 at any
one time outstanding. All capitalized terms used in this opinion and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings attributed to them in the
Agreement.

       We have examined the Borrower's **[describe constitutive documents of
Borrower and appropriate evidence of authority to enter into the transaction]**,
the Loan Documents and such other matters of fact and law which we deem
necessary in order to render this opinion. Based upon the foregoing, it is our
opinion that:

       l. Each of the Borrower and each of its Bank Subsidiaries is a
corporation or national banking association duly and properly incorporated or
organized, as the case may be, validly existing and (to the extent such concept
applies to such entity) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization and has all requisite authority to conduct its
business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted.

       2. The execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents and
the performance by the Borrower of its obligations thereunder have been duly
authorized by proper corporate proceedings on the part of the Borrower and will
not:

              (a) require any consent of the Borrower's shareholders (other than
       any such consent as has already been given and remains in full force and
       effect);

              (b) violate (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment,
       injunction, decree or award binding on the Borrower or any of its Bank
       Subsidiaries or (ii) the Borrower's or any Bank Subsidiary's articles or
       certificate of incorporation or association, partnership agreement,
       certificate of partnership, articles or certificate of organization,
       by-laws, or operating or other management agreement, as the case may be,
       or (iii) the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement to
       which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or is subject,
       or by which it, or its Property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute
       a default thereunder; or

              (c) result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien
       in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or a Bank Subsidiary pursuant
       to the terms of any indenture, instrument or agreement binding upon the
       Borrower or any of its Bank Subsidiaries.

       3. The Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the
Borrower and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower
enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms except to the
extent the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and
subject also to the availability of equitable remedies if equitable remedies are
sought.

       4. There is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation,
proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the best of our knowledge after due
inquiry, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Bank Subsidiaries which,
if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.


                                   Exhibit A-1



<PAGE>   62



       5. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization, or
validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or
other action in respect of any governmental or public body or authority, or any
subdivision thereof, which has not been obtained by the Borrower or any of its
Bank Subsidiaries, is required to be obtained by the Borrower or any of its Bank
Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan
Documents, the borrowings under the Agreement, the payment and performance by
the Borrower of the Obligations, or the legality, validity, binding effect or
enforceability of any of the Loan Documents.

       This opinion may be relied upon by the Agent, the Lenders and their
participants, assignees and other transferees.


                                        Very truly yours,






                                   Exhibit A-2

<PAGE>   63




                                    EXHIBIT B

                             COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE



To:    The Lenders parties to the
       Credit Agreement Described Below

       This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Credit
Agreement dated as of November 27, 2000 (as amended, modified, renewed or
extended from time to time, the "Agreement") among the FirstMerit Corporation
("Borrower"), the lenders party thereto and Bank One, NA, as Agent for the
Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this
Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement.

       THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT:

       1. I am the duly elected of the Borrower;

       2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have
caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions
and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period
covered by the attached financial statements;

       3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have
no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a
Default or Unmatured Default during or at the end of the accounting period
covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this
Certificate, except as set forth below; and

       4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations
evidencing the Borrower's compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement,
all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct.

       Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in
detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has
existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to
take with respect to each such condition or event:

                                [To be completed]


       The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in
Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Certificate
in support hereof, are made and delivered this day _____ of ____________, ____.



                                   Exhibit B-1

<PAGE>   64


                      SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

                      Compliance as of _________, ____ with
                 Provisions of ____________ and ___________ of
                                  the Agreement








                                   Exhibit B-2

<PAGE>   65




                                    EXHIBIT C

                              ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

       This Assignment Agreement (this "Assignment Agreement") between _________
_____________ _____________ (the "Assignor") and ____________ ___________ (the
"Assignee") is dated as of ___________ __, 200_. The parties hereto agree as
follows:

       1. PRELIMINARY STATEMENT. The Assignor is a party to a Credit Agreement
(which, as it may be amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time is
herein called the "Credit Agreement") described in Item 1 of Schedule 1 attached
hereto ("Schedule 1"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Credit Agreement.

       2. ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION. The Assignor hereby sells and assigns to
the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor,
an interest in and to the Assignor's rights and obligations under the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, such that after giving effect to such
assignment the Assignee shall have purchased pursuant to this Assignment
Agreement the percentage interest specified in Item 3 of Schedule 1 of all
outstanding rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan
Documents relating to the facilities listed in Item 3 of Schedule 1. The
aggregate Commitment (or Loans, if the applicable Commitment has been
terminated) purchased by the Assignee hereunder is set forth in Item 4 of
Schedule 1.

       3. EFFECTIVE DATE. The effective date of this Assignment Agreement (the
"Effective Date") shall be the later of the date specified in Item 5 of Schedule
1 or two Business Days (or such shorter period agreed to by the Agent) after
this Assignment Agreement, together with any consents required under the Credit
Agreement, are delivered to the Agent. In no event will the Effective Date occur
if the payments required to be made by the Assignee to the Assignor on the
Effective Date are not made on the proposed Effective Date.

       4. PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS. In consideration for the sale and assignment of
Loans hereunder, the Assignee shall pay the Assignor, on the Effective Date, the
amount agreed to by the Assignor and the Assignee. On and after the Effective
Date, the Assignee shall be entitled to receive from the Agent all payments of
principal, interest and fees with respect to the interest assigned hereby. The
Assignee will promptly remit to the Assignor any interest on Loans and fees
received from the Agent which relate to the portion of the Commitment or Loans
assigned to the Assignee hereunder for periods prior to the Effective Date and
not previously paid by the Assignee to the Assignor. In the event that either
party hereto receives any payment to which the other party hereto is entitled
under this Assignment Agreement, then the party receiving such amount shall
promptly remit it to the other party hereto.


       5. RECORDATION FEE. The Assignor and Assignee each agree to pay one-half
of the recordation fee required to be paid to the Agent in connection with this
Assignment Agreement unless otherwise specified in Item 6 of Schedule 1.

       6. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE ASSIGNOR; LIMITATIONS ON THE ASSIGNOR'S
LIABILITY. The Assignor represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and
beneficial owner of the interest being assigned by it hereunder, (ii) such
interest is free and clear of any adverse claim created by the Assignor and
(iii) the execution and delivery of this Assignment Agreement by the Assignor is
duly authorized. It is understood and agreed that the assignment and assumption
hereunder are made without recourse to the Assignor and that the Assignor makes
no other representation or warranty of any kind to the Assignee. Neither the
Assignor nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or attorneys
shall be responsible for (i) the due execution, legality, validity,
enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or collectability of any Loan Document,
including without limitation, documents granting the Assignor and the other
Lenders a security interest in assets of the Borrower or any guarantor, (ii) any
representation, warranty or statement made in or in connection with any of the
Loan Documents, (iii) the financial condition or creditworthiness of the
Borrower or any guarantor, (iv) the performance of or compliance with any of the
terms or provisions of any of the Loan Documents, (v) inspecting any of the
property, books or records of the Borrower, (vi) the validity, enforceability,
perfection, priority, condition, value or sufficiency of any collateral securing
or purporting to secure the Loans or (vii) any mistake, error of judgment, or
action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with the Loans or the Loan
Documents.

       7. REPRESENTATIONS AND UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ASSIGNEE. The Assignee (i)
confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with
copies of the financial statements requested by the Assignee and such


                                   Exhibit C-1

<PAGE>   66


other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own
credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment Agreement, (ii)
agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the
Assignor or any other Lender and based on such documents and information at it
shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, (iii) appoints and
authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise
such powers under the Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agent by the terms
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, (iv)
confirms that the execution and delivery of this Assignment Agreement by the
Assignee is duly authorized, (v) agrees that it will perform in accordance with
their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are
required to be performed by it as a Lender, (vi) agrees that its payment
instructions and notice instructions are as set forth in the attachment to
Schedule 1, (vii) confirms that none of the funds, monies, assets or other
consideration being used to make the purchase and assumption hereunder are "plan
assets" as defined under ERISA and that its rights, benefits and interests in
and under the Loan Documents will not be "plan assets" under ERISA, (viii)
agrees to indemnify and hold the Assignor harmless against all losses, costs and
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) and
liabilities incurred by the Assignor in connection with or arising in any manner
from the Assignee's non-performance of the obligations assumed under this
Assignment Agreement, and (ix) if applicable, attaches the forms prescribed by
the Internal Revenue Service of the United States certifying that the Assignee
is entitled to receive payments under the Loan Documents without deduction or
withholding of any United States federal income taxes.

       8. GOVERNING LAW. This Assignment Agreement shall be governed by the
internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of Illinois.

       9. NOTICES. Notices shall be given under this Assignment Agreement in the
manner set forth in the Credit Agreement. For the purpose hereof, the addresses
of the parties hereto (until notice of a change is delivered) shall be the
address set forth in the attachment to Schedule 1.

       10. COUNTERPARTS; DELIVERY BY FACSIMILE. This Assignment Agreement may be
executed in counterparts. Transmission by facsimile of an executed counterpart
of this Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient
delivery of such counterpart and such facsimile shall be deemed to be an
original counterpart of this Assignment Agreement.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the duly authorized officers of the parties hereto
have executed this Assignment Agreement by executing Schedule 1 hereto as of the
date first above written.





                                   Exhibit C-2

<PAGE>   67


                                   SCHEDULE 1
                             to Assignment Agreement


1.       Description and Date of Credit Agreement:
         Credit Agreement dated as of November 27, 2000 among FirstMerit
         Corporation, certain lenders and Bank One, NA, as agent

2.       Date of Assignment Agreement:               ,2000
                                        -------------

3.       Amounts (As of Date of Item 2 above):

         a.    Assignee's percentage
               purchased
               under the Assignment
               Agreement*                          %
                                                ---

         b.    Amount of
               purchased
               under the Assignment
               Agreement                             $
                                                      -----------

4.       Assignee's Commitment (or Loans
         with respect to terminated
         Commitments) purchased
         hereunder:                                  $
                                                      -----------

5.       Proposed Effective Date:

               $
                --------------

6.       Non-standard Recordation Fee
         Arrangement                                       N/A**
                                                 [Assignor/Assignee
                                                 to pay 100% of fee]
                                                 [Fee waived by Agent]


Accepted and Agreed:

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]                               [NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By:                                              By:
    ----------------------------                    --------------------------
Title:                                           Title:
      --------------------------                       -----------------------


                                   Exhibit C-3

<PAGE>   68





                                   Exhibit C-4

<PAGE>   69




ACCEPTED AND CONSENTED TO***            ACCEPTED AND CONSENTED TO***

BY                                      BY



FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION                  BANK ONE, NA, as Agent


By:                                     By:
    ----------------------------           --------------------------
Title:                                  Title:
      --------------------------              -----------------------





*     Percentage taken to 10 decimal places
**    If fee is split 50-50, pick N/A as option
***   Delete if not required by Credit Agreement




                                   Exhibit C-5

<PAGE>   70




                Attachment to SCHEDULE 1 to ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

                        ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION SHEET
                        --------------------------------

         Attach Assignor's Administrative Information Sheet, which must
           include notice addresses for the Assignor and the Assignee
                            (Sample form shown below)

                              ASSIGNOR INFORMATION
                              --------------------

CONTACT:
-------

Name:
     -------------------------------------------------------
Telephone No.:
              -----------------------------
Fax No.:
        -----------------------------------

Answerback:
           ----------------------------------------
PAYMENT INFORMATION:
-------------------

Name & ABA # of Destination Bank:
                                 -----------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Account Name & Number for Wire Transfer:
                                        ----------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Instructions:
                   -------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ADDRESS FOR NOTICES FOR ASSIGNOR:
                                 -----------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





                                   Exhibit C-6

<PAGE>   71




                              ASSIGNEE INFORMATION
                              --------------------

CREDIT CONTACT:
--------------

Name:
     -------------------------------------------------------
Telephone No.:
              -----------------------------
Fax No.:
        -----------------------------------

Answerback:
           ----------------------------------------
KEY OPERATIONS CONTACT:
----------------------

Booking Installation:                                           Name:
                     -----------------------------------
Telephone No.:
              -----------------------------
Fax No.:
        -----------------------------------

PAYMENT INFORMATION:
-------------------

Name & ABA # of Destination Bank:
                                 -----------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Account Name & Number for Wire Transfer:
                                        ----------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Instructions:
                   -------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ADDRESS FOR NOTICES FOR ASSIGNOR:
                                 -----------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





                                   Exhibit C-7

<PAGE>   72




        BANK ONE, NA INFORMATION
        ------------------------

       Assignee will be called promptly upon receipt of the signed agreement.

INITIAL FUNDING CONTACT:                    SUBSEQUENT OPERATIONS CONTACT:
-----------------------                     -----------------------------

Name:                                       Name:
     --------------------------                  ----------------------------
Telephone No.: (312)                        Telephone No.: (312)
                    -----------                                 -------------
Fax No.: (312)                              Fax No.: (312)
              -------------                               -------------
Bank One, NA Telex No.:
                       --------------


INITIAL FUNDING STANDARDS:
-------------------------

Libor - Fund 2 days after rates are set.


BANK ONE, NA WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:
------------------------------


ADDRESS FOR NOTICES FOR BANK ONE, NA      1 Bank One Plaza, Chicago, IL  60670
------------------------------------      Attn: Agency Compliance
                                          Fax No.




                                  Exhibit C-8
<PAGE>   73




                                    EXHIBIT D
                 LOAN/CREDIT RELATED MONEY TRANSFER INSTRUCTION


To Bank One, NA,
 as Agent (the "Agent") under the Credit Agreement
 Described Below.

Re:    Credit Agreement, dated November 27, 2000 (as the same may be amended or
       modified, the "Credit Agreement"), among FirstMerit Corporation (the
       "Borrower"), the Lenders named therein and the Agent. Capitalized terms
       used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
       assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement.

       The Agent is specifically authorized and directed to act upon the
following standing money transfer instructions with respect to the proceeds of
Advances or other extensions of credit from time to time until receipt by the
Agent of a specific written revocation of such instructions by the Borrower,
provided, however, that the Agent may otherwise transfer funds as hereafter
directed in writing by the Borrower in accordance with Section 13.1 of the
Credit Agreement or based on any telephonic notice made in accordance with
Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement.

Facility Identification Number(s)
                                 ------------------------------------------
Customer/Account Name
                     ------------------------------------------------------
Transfer Funds To
                 ----------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

For Account No.
               ------------------------------------------------------------

Reference/Attention To
                      -----------------------------------------------------

Authorized Officer (Customer Representative)      Date
                                                      ---------------------

-------------------------------------------       -------------------------
(Please Print)                                    Signature


Bank Officer Name                                 Date
                                                      ---------------------

-------------------------------------------       -------------------------
(Please Print)                                    Signature



    (Deliver Completed Form to Credit Support Staff For Immediate Processing)





                                   Exhibit D-1

<PAGE>   74



                                    EXHIBIT E
                                      NOTE

                                                                          [Date]



       FirstMerit Corporation, a _____________________________ corporation (the
"Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of _____________________________ (the
"Lender") the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender
to the Borrower pursuant to Article II of the Agreement (as hereinafter
defined), in immediately available funds at the main office of Bank One, NA in
Chicago, Illinois, as Agent, together with interest on the unpaid principal
amount hereof at the rates and on the dates set forth in the Agreement. The
Borrower shall pay the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans
in full on the Facility Termination Date.

       The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule
attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice,
the date and amount of each Loan and the date and amount of each principal
payment hereunder.

       This Note is one of the Notes issued pursuant to, and is entitled to the
benefits of, the Credit Agreement dated as of November 27, 2000 (which, as it
may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time, is herein called the
"Agreement"), among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, including the
Lender, and Bank One, NA, as Agent, to which Agreement reference is hereby made
for a statement of the terms and conditions governing this Note, including the
terms and conditions under which this Note may be prepaid or its maturity date
accelerated. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are
used with the meanings attributed to them in the Agreement.


                                        FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION


                                        By:
                                           ------------------------------
                                        Print Name:
                                                   ----------------------
                                        Title:
                                              ---------------------------





                                   Exhibit E-1

<PAGE>   75



                   SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
                                       TO
                     NOTE OF _____________________________,
                           DATED ____________________,


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                             Principal               Maturity                      Principal
                             Amount of              of Interest                     Amount               Unpaid
         Date                  Loan                   Period                         Paid                Balance
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>                    <C>                            <C>                   <C>



</TABLE>


                                  Exhibit E-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
