<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dkm114e.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(MM) - BONOMO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10(mm)



                    ADMINISTRATORS FOR THE PROFESSIONS, INC.

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This Employment Agreement is made and entered into as of January 1,
1999 by and between Administrators for the Professions, Inc., a New York
corporation, with its principal place of business at 111 East Shore Road,
Manhasset, NY 11030 ("Employer"),and Anthony Bonomo, an individual presently
residing at___________________________________________ ("Employee").

                                   WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS, Employer desires to retain the services of Employee as its
Chief Executive Officer and President, and Employee desires to perform such
services for Employer on the terms and conditions set forth herein;

         WHEREAS, Employee represents and Employer acknowledges that Employee is
fully qualified, without the benefit of any further training or experience, to
perform the responsibilities and duties, with commensurate authorities of the
position of Chief Executive Officer and President of Employer; and

         WHEREAS, Employee agrees to devote Employee's full time and business
effort, attention and energies to the diligent performance of Employee's duties
hereunder.

         NOW, THEREFORE, Employer and Employee, intending to be legally bound,
covenant and agree as follows:

         1.     Terms of Employment.

         (a)    Term. Employee's employment hereunder shall be for a term of
three (3) years beginning January 1, 1999, which term shall be extended for an
additional year at the end of each calendar year upon Employer's Board of
Directors (from time to time herein referred to as the "Board"), or a committee
thereof, giving notice to Employee prior to the end of any calendar year that it
wishes to extend this Employment Agreement for an additional year.

         (b)    Voluntary Termination. In the event Employer does not give
notice to Employee prior to the end of any calendar year that it wishes to
extend this Employment Agreement as specified in subparagraph (a) above,
Employee may voluntarily terminate Employee's employment under this Employment
Agreement by giving at least ninety (90) days written notice to Employer.
Following the effective date of such voluntary termination, Employee shall
continue to receive Employee's annual salary, payable as immediately prior to
termination, plus all benefits to which Employee is then entitled for the
balance of the term of this Employment




<PAGE>

Agreement. It is provided, however, that if Employee breaches or fails to
fulfill Employee's obligations under or is in violation of Section 4(h), Section
7(g), or the fifth sentence of Section 1(c), such salary and benefits shall
thereupon terminate.

         (c)    Duties. The duties of Employee shall be as determined by the
Board in accordance with this Employment Agreement and the By-Laws of Employer
in effect from time to time. Employee may not be reassigned to an inferior
position, given a change in classification or reclassified, or transferred, nor
shall Employee's responsibilities, duties, authority or title change during the
term of this Employment Agreement, except as provided in subparagraph 1(b)
above. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee shall report
to and advise the Board regarding the management and operation of Employer's
business. In addition, Employee shall serve as one of Employer's nominated,
appointed, and designated representatives (a "Designated Representative") on the
Board of Governors of Physicians Reciprocal Insurers ("PRI"), the insurer for
which Employer serves as attorney-in-fact, for so long as Employer so desires.
If Employer notifies Employee that it or they no longer desire Employee to serve
as a Designated Representative, Employee shall immediately resign and vacate
such position. Failure of Employee to immediately resign and vacate the position
of Designated Representative shall entitle Employer to terminate this Employment
Agreement and, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this
Employment Agreement, upon such termination, Employee shall not be entitled to
any salary or benefits for the remainder of the then current term of this
Employment Agreement or for any period thereafter. Employee agrees to devote
Employee's full time business efforts, attention and energies to the diligent
performance of Employee's duties hereunder and will not, during the term hereof,
accept employment, full or part-time, from any other person, firm, corporation,
governmental agency or other entity that, in the reasonable opinion of the
Board, would conflict with or detract from Employee's capable performance of
such duties; provided, however, Employee may devote reasonable amounts of time
to activities of a public service, civic, or not-for-profit nature.

         2.     Compensation and Expenses.  Employer shall pay or provide and
Employee shall accept as full consideration for the services to be rendered
hereunder, and as a reimbursement or provision for expenses incurred by Employee
the following:

         (a)    Salary. An annual salary of $400,000 payable in fifty-two (52)
equal weekly payments during each year of this Employment Agreement. Employee's
minimum total compensation, which in no event may be reduced in whole or in
part, shall be the annual salary at the rate of compensation received by
Employee for any given period of time or at the time of Employee's termination.

         (b)    Reviews. Annual performance reviews will determine annual salary
increases to which Employee becomes entitled, effective January 1, 2000, based
upon Employer's then current Compensation Program.

         (c)    Performance Bonus. If the Chief Executive Officer (the "FPIC
CEO") of Florida Physicians Insurance Company, Inc. ("FPIC") earns incentive
compensation for any year during the term of this Agreement beginning in 1999
based upon the performance of FPIC Insurance Group, Inc. ("FIG") for such year
pursuant to the then current Executive Incentive Compensation Program applicable
to the FPIC CEO, then Employee shall receive incentive compensation comparable
to, and in no case less than, that paid to the FPIC CEO based upon FIG's



                                       2
<PAGE>

performance for such year and shall have the opportunity to receive additional
incentive compensation based upon Employee's performance pursuant to an
incentive plan comparable to that presently available to the FPIC CEO, subject
to adjustment in the event of across-the-board increases or decreases in bonus
levels as determined by FIG's board of directors.

         (d)    Discretionary Additional Compensation.  Any additional
compensation payable by resolution of the Board of Directors of Employer, and
approved by FIG, for Employee's outstanding performance.

         (e)    Benefits. Such benefits as may be made available from time to
time to senior management employees of FIG, but at no time, less than: (i) a
personal company automobile (BMW 740 or equivalent) including all the costs of
operating, maintaining, insuring, and licensing the automobile, (ii) initiation
fees, dues, assessments and other expenses of membership in appropriate clubs or
organizations of Employee's choice, as reasonably approved by the Board or an
appropriate committee thereof, it being understood that the Cherry Valley
Country Club of which Employee is a member as of the date of this Employment
Agreement shall be deemed approved by the Board or by such committee, and (iii)
those benefits provided pursuant to a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
(the "Bonomo SERP") created by Employer for the benefit of Employee, which
Bonomo SERP will provide to Employee retirement benefits as necessary so that
the aggregate level of retirement benefits (taking into account such factors as
years of service) provided by Employer to Employee is comparable to the level of
retirement benefits received by the current FPIC CEO.

         (f)    Signing Bonus. In consideration of and as a material inducement
to Employee's execution and delivery of this Employment Agreement and his
agreements hereunder, including, but not limited to, his agreements set forth in
Sections 4(h) and 7(g), Employer shall pay to Employee at the Closing of FIG's
acquisition of all of the outstanding capital stock of Employer (the "AFP
Acquisition") $500,000 (the "Signing Bonus"). Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Employment Agreement, in the event of a breach of this
Agreement by Employee, Employer's remedies for such breach shall not include
requiring Employee to return to Employer the Signing Bonus.

         (g)    Special Performance Incentive. Employee shall have the
opportunity to earn a special performance incentive (the "Special Performance
Incentive") of up to $3,000,000, subject to adjustment as provided herein.
Payment of any Special Performance Incentive or any Remainder Incentive, as
hereinafter defined, to Employee shall be made 50% in cash and 50% in shares of
FIG common stock, par value $.10 per share ("FIG Common Stock").

                (i)     Incentive Related to Conversion and Acquisition of PRI.
Thirty (30) business days following (x) the conversion in accordance with
applicable New York law of PRI from a reciprocal to a stock insurer (the
"Conversion") and (y) the acquisition by FIG, Employer, or an affiliate thereof
of more than 50% (the actual percentage acquired being hereinafter referred to
as the "Acquisition Percentage") of the outstanding stock of such stock insurer
(the "Acquisition"), Employer shall pay to Employee the Special Performance
Incentive, subject to adjustment as provided below. For purposes of
subparagraphs (A) and (B) below, the "Target Price" shall mean the Acquisition
Percentage multiplied by 115% of the total amount contained on the date of the
Conversion in the Subscribers' accounts established and maintained pursuant



                                       3
<PAGE>

to and in accordance with New York Insurance Law ss.6112 or any successor
provision and in accordance with the Subscribers Agreement as in effect on the
date hereof.

                        (A)     If the Acquisition is completed at or below the
Target Price,  the total amount of the Special Performance Incentive that
Employee shall be eligible to receive shall be $3,000,000.

                        (B)     If, however, the Acquisition is completed at a
price above the Target Price (an "Excess Price"), then the amount of the Special
Performance Incentive that Employee shall be eligible to receive shall be
reduced by the percentage obtained by subtracting the Target Price from the
Excess Price and dividing the result by the Target Price.

                        (C)     If the Acquisition Percentage is greater than or
equal to 70%, then the Special Performance Incentive shall be as provided in
subparagraphs (A) and (B) above;

                        (D)     If the Acquisition Percentage is greater than
50% but less than  70%,  then the Special Performance Incentive shall be as
provided in subparagraphs (A) and (B) above, but shall be reduced by multiplying
the amount of the Special Performance Incentive determined as provided in
subparagraphs (A) and (B) by the Acquisition Percentage (the "Partial
Incentive");

                (ii)    Incentive Related to Performance Goals. In the event FIG
undertakes but is unsuccessful in the completion of the Conversion or the
Acquisition, or if FIG notifies Employee that FIG has determined to not seek the
Conversion and the Acquisition, or if the Acquisition Percentage is less than
70% (each, a "Noncompletion Event"), then Employee shall be eligible to receive
the difference between the Special Performance Incentive determined in
accordance with subparagraphs (A) and (B) above and the Partial Incentive, if
any, earned by Employee (the "Remainder Incentive") only if Employee has
accomplished each of the following performance goals established in
subparagraphs (1) through (4) below (collectively, the "Performance Goals" on or
before eighteen months after the occurrence of a Noncompletion Event:

                        (1)     Either (i) the ratio of the number of employees
of Employer per medical malpractice insured of PRI is less than or equal to the
ratio of the number of employees of FPIC per medical malpractice insured of
FPIC, or (ii) the total salary expense of AFP, including claim chargebacks, is
less than or equal to that of FPIC, on a percent of premium basis;

                        (2)     Employee, Employer, and FIG jointly have
developed, designed, organized, and implemented a reinsurance program approved
by FIG, in FIG's reasonable discretion, and available generally to FIG and all
entities that are subsidiaries or affiliates of FIG (collectively, the "FIG
Group") and available to PRI;

                        (3)     Employee has organized, developed a business
plan and operating parameters for, staffed, obtained appropriate licenses for,
and accumulated a mutually agreed amount of managed assets in, an investment
management entity approved by FIG, in FIG's reasonable discretion, to manage
investment portfolio assets for the FIG Group and PRI; and



                                       4
<PAGE>

                        (4)     Employee has organized, developed a business
plan and operating parameters for, staffed, and obtained appropriate licenses
for, a reinsurance brokerage business approved by FIG, in FIG's reasonable
discretion, to broker reinsurance for the FIG Group and PRI.

Employer shall cause the FIG Group to use all commercially reasonable efforts to
assist in accomplishing the Performance Goals.


The number of shares of FIG Common Stock comprising the stock portion of any
Special Performance Incentive or Partial Incentive to be paid to Employee
following the Conversion and Acquisition shall be determined by dividing 50% of
the amount of such Special Performance Incentive or Partial Incentive, as the
case may be, by the average (weighted to reflect daily trading volume) of the
daily closing prices per share of FIG Common Stock on the NASDAQ National Market
(or, if the FIG Common Stock is then traded on a national securities exchange
rather than through the NASDAQ National Market, on such national securities
exchange) as reported in the Southeast edition of the Wall Street Journal for
the first twenty (20) business days preceding the public announcement of a
definitive agreement concerning the Conversion and the Acquisition.

In the event Employee has timely met the Performance Goals (the date thereof
being hereinafter referred to as the "Achievement Date"), then any Special
Performance Incentive or Remainder Incentive payable to Employee shall be paid
to Employee thirty (30) days following the Achievement Date and the number of
shares of FIG Common Stock payable as a portion of such Special Performance
Incentive or Remainder Incentive shall be determined by dividing an amount equal
to 50% of such Special Performance Incentive or Remainder Incentive by the
average (weighted to reflect daily trading volume) of the daily closing prices
per share of FIG Common Stock on the NASDAQ National Market (or, if the FIG
Common Stock is then traded on a national securities exchange rather than
through the NASDAQ National Market, on such national securities exchange) as
reported in the Southeast edition of the Wall Street Journal for the first
twenty (20) business days preceding the Achievement Date.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Special Performance Incentive or Partial
Incentive shall be paid to Employee regardless of whether the Conversion and
Acquisition ultimately are completed, if, prior to the completion of the
Conversion, Employee has voluntarily terminated this Employment Agreement or has
been dismissed for Cause following receipt of notice and an opportunity to
appear before the Board as provided in Section 4(e), or Employee's employment
has been terminated due to death or permanent disability.

Employee acknowledges that any FIG Common Stock received by Employee shall
constitute unregistered securities and shall bear the following legend:

                   "THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
                   SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR ANY STATE SECURITIES ACTS
                   AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF
                   UNLESS THEY HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
                   ACT OF 1933 AND



                                       5
<PAGE>

                   ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES ACTS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM
                   SUCH REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE."

         (h)    Piggyback Registration. In the event that FIG, at any time after
the AFP Acquisition, proposes to register any FIG Common Stock, any other of its
equity securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for its equity
securities and registrable under the Securities Act of 1933 (collectively,
including FIG Common Stock, "Other Securities") under the Securities Act of 1933
(the "Securities Act"), whether or not for sale for its own account, in a manner
that would permit registration of registrable securities ("Registrable
Securities") for sale for cash to the public under the Securities Act, it shall
at each such time give prompt written notice to Employee. Subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, such notice shall offer Employee the opportunity to
include in such registration statement such number of Registrable Securities
then owned by Employee as Employee requests. Upon the written request of
Employee (which written request shall specify the number of Registrable
Securities intended to be disposed of and the intended method of disposition
thereof) made within 15 days after the receipt of FIG's notice, FIG shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to effect, in connection with the
registration of the Other Securities, the registration under the Securities Act
of all Registrable Securities which FIG has been so requested to register, to
the extent required to permit the disposition (in accordance with such intended
methods thereof) of the Registrable Securities so requested to be registered;
provided, that:

                (i)     if, at any time after giving such written notice of its
intention to register any Other Securities and prior to the effective date of
the registration statement filed in connection with such registration, FIG shall
determine for any reason not to register the Other Securities, FIG may, at its
election, give written notice of such determination to Employee and thereupon
FIG shall be relieved of its obligation to register such Registrable Securities
in connection with the registration of such Other Securities;

                (ii)    if the registration referred to in the first sentence
of this Section 2(iii) is to be an underwritten registration on behalf of FIG,
and a nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by FIG advises FIG
in writing that, in such firm's good faith view, the inclusion of all or a part
of such Registrable Securities in such registration would be likely to have an
adverse effect upon the price, timing or distribution of the offering and sale
of the Other Securities then contemplated, FIG shall include in such
registration: (i) first, all Other Securities FIG proposes to sell for its own
account ("Company Securities"), (ii) second, up to the full number of
Registrable Securities held by other holders and are requested to be included in
such registration (Registrable Securities that are so held being sometimes
referred to herein as "Holder Securities") in excess of the number of Company
Securities to be sold in such offering which, in the good faith view of such
investment banking firm, can be sold without adversely affecting such offering
and the sale of the Other Securities then contemplated (and if such number is
less than the full number of such Holder Securities, such number shall be
allocated by FIG among such holders pro rata);

                (iii)   FIG shall not be required to effect any registration of
Registrable Securities under this Section 2 incidental to the registration of
any of its securities in connection with mergers, acquisitions, exchange offers,
subscription offers, dividend reinvestment plans or stock option or other
executive or employee benefit or compensation plans.



                                       6
<PAGE>

                (iv)  All underwriting discounts and selling commissions
applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities shall be borne by the holders
of the Holder Securities so registered pro rata on the basis of the number of
their shares sold, and all fees and disbursements of counsel for each holder
shall be paid by such holder. All other expenses incurred in connection with any
registration, qualification or compliance pursuant to this Section 2 shall be
borne by FIG.

         3.     Expenses.  Employer agrees to reimburse Employee for ordinary
and necessary expenses incurred by Employee in performing services for Employer
pursuant to the terms of this Employment Agreement, in accordance with
established corporate policies.

         4.     Termination.  Unless the employment of Employee previously has
been terminated pursuant to subparagraph 1(b), this Employment Agreement may be
terminated in the manner set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (f) below.

         (a)    Voluntary Termination by Employee. Employee may terminate this
Employment Agreement at any time by giving at least ninety (90) days written
notice to Employer, with no further obligation on Employer's part after the
effective date of such termination. It is agreed that should Employee
voluntarily terminate Employee's employment prior to the end of the term of this
Employment Agreement, Employee shall forfeit all rights to compensation and all
benefits based upon compensation occurring after the effective date of such
termination.

         (b)    Voluntary Termination by Employer. Employer may terminate this
Employment Agreement at any time for any reason sufficient to it, by act of its
Board. Such termination shall be immediately effective. Following such voluntary
termination, Employee shall continue to receive Employee's annual salary,
payable immediately prior to termination; together with any benefits accrued to
the date of termination, plus all benefits to which Employee is then entitled,
for the balance of the then current term of this Employment Agreement. It is
provided, however, that if Employee breaches or fails to fulfill Employee's
obligations under or is in violation of Section 4(h), Section 7(g), or the fifth
sentence of Section 1(c), such salary and benefits shall thereupon terminate.

         (c)    Permanent Disability of Employee. If Employee has been, for
substantially all the normal working days during five (5) consecutive months,
unable to perform Employee's responsibilities and duties and to exercise
Employee's authorities in a satisfactory manner due to mental or physical
disability, then Employee may be deemed "permanently disabled," and Employee's
employment may be terminated at the election of the Board. Any determination of
permanent disability made by Employer shall be final and conclusive. In the
event that Employer deems Employee "permanently disabled," Employee shall be
entitled to receive the unpaid balance of Employee's annual salary, together
with other accrued benefits to the date of the determination of being
permanently disabled, payable as immediately prior to termination for the
remaining then current term of this Employment Agreement, less any amount
received by Employee under any Employer or Employer affiliate-provided long term
disability coverage and/or program. It is provided, however, that if Employee
breaches or fails to fulfill Employee's obligations under or is in violation of
Section 4(h), Section 7(g), or the fifth sentence of Section 1(c), such salary
and benefits shall thereupon terminate.



                                       7
<PAGE>

         (d)    Death of Employee. This Employment Agreement shall terminate on
the date of Employee's death, and Employer shall pay, in a lump sum, to the
estate or personal representative of Employee the unpaid balance of Employee's
annual salary, together with other accrued benefits, to the end of the year of
death.

         (e)    Termination for Cause. The Board may terminate this Agreement
for cause, but only after a written notice specifying the cause has been
submitted to Employee. Employee shall be granted a reasonable opportunity to
respond to the notice, in writing, and in an appearance before the Board. A
determination by the Board to terminate this Agreement for cause may be made at
a meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present and by a vote of at least a
majority of the entire then current membership of the Board. If Employer
terminates this Employment Agreement for cause under this subparagraph, Employer
shall not be obligated to make any further payments under this Employment
Agreement other than amounts accrued at the time of such termination. "Cause"
for the purposes of this Agreement consists of the following:

                (i)     Employee's conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a
dishonest act materially affecting Employer or fraud, misappropriation, or
embezzlement affecting Employer;

                (ii)    Employee's conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to
any felony under state or federal law; or

                (iii)   the failure or refusal of Employee to comply with any
reasonable material lawful policy, directive or instruction of the Board,
consistent with subparagraph l(c) hereof.

         (f)    Constructive Discharge. Employee may terminate this Employment
Agreement in the event of Constructive Discharge by providing written notice to
Employer within three months after the occurrence of such event, specifying the
event relied upon for a Constructive Discharge. "Constructive Discharge" shall
mean any (i) material change by Employer of Employee's position, functions, or
duties to an inferior position, functions, or duties from that in effect on the
date of this Agreement, (ii) assignment, reassignment, or relocation by Employer
of Employee without Employee's consent to another place of employment that is
not on Long Island, New York or is more than 50 miles from Employee's current
place of employment, [(iii) liquidation, dissolution, consolidation or merger of
Employer, or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, other than a
transaction or series of transactions in which the resulting or surviving
transferee entity has, in the aggregate, a net worth at least equal to that of
Employer immediately before such transaction and expressly assumes this
Agreement and all obligations and undertakings of Employer hereunder,] or (iv)
reduction in Employee's base salary or target bonus opportunity (if greater than
the target bonus opportunity, the average of the annual bonuses paid to Employee
in the three calendar years prior to the calendar year of the Constructive
Discharge). Following termination of Employee's employment in the event of a
Constructive Discharge, Employee shall continue to receive Employee's annual
salary, payable as immediately prior to termination, plus all benefits to which
Employee is then entitled, for the balance of this Employment Agreement. It is
provided, however, that if Employee breaches or fails to fulfill Employee's
obligations under or is in violation of Section 4(h), Section 7(g), or the fifth
sentence of Section 1(c) of this Agreement, such salary and benefits shall
thereupon terminate. Employer and Employee, upon mutual agreement, may waive any
of the foregoing provisions that would otherwise constitute a Constructive
Discharge. Within ten days of



                                       8
<PAGE>

receiving such written notice from Employee, Employer may cure the event that
constitutes a Constructive Discharge.

         (g)    Return of Property. Upon any termination of this Agreement,
Employee shall immediately turn over to Employer all of Employer's property,
both tangible and intangible. To the extent that such Employer's property shall
constitute a benefit to Employee under this Agreement, Employee shall receive
from Employer the value of that benefit for the remaining term of this
Agreement.

         (h)    Covenants.  Employer and Employee acknowledge, covenant and
agree as follows:

                (i)     Wrongful Inducement. Any attempt on the part of Employee
to induce others to leave Employer's employ, or any efforts by Employee to
interfere with Employer's relationships with other employees, or to interfere
with Employer's relationship with PRI, would be harmful and damaging to
Employer. Employee expressly agrees that during the term of this Employment
Agreement and for any period of time during which Employer is paying to Employee
salary and other benefits provided for in this Employment Agreement and for a
period of two (2) years thereafter, Employee will not, in any manner, directly
or indirectly, or through any means: (A) induce or attempt to induce any
employee of Employer or an affiliate thereof to terminate his or her employment;
(B) interfere with or disrupt Employer's or any affiliate's relationship with
any of their employees; or (C) solicit, entice, take away or employ any person
employed by Employer or any affiliate.

                (ii)    Restrictive Covenants. Employee expressly agrees that
during the term of this Employment Agreement and for any period of time during
which Employer is paying to Employee salary and other benefits provided for in
this Employment Agreement and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, Employee
shall not, directly or indirectly, own, operate, manage, have a proprietary
interest of any kind in, extend financial assistance to, solicit, encourage or
handle patronage for, be employed by or serve as a consultant, officer,
director, employee, or in any other capacity for any person, corporation,
company, partnership or other entity engaged in the medical professional
liability insurance business or the business of providing management or other
insurance services to medical professional liability insurers in or operating
within the State of New York, except that Employee may own two percent (2%) of
the outstanding stock in a publicly held corporation engaged in such a business
provided that such stock does not in any way represent any form of compensation
for any services rendered by Employee to such publicly held corporation.

                (iii)   Designated Representative. Upon any termination of this
Agreement, regardless of the reason for termination, Employee shall resign and
be deemed to have resigned as Employer's Designated Representative on the Board
of Governors of PRI.

                (iv)    Confidentiality. Employee agrees not to, without prior
written consent of Employer, divulge to others, or use, for Employee's own
benefit or for the benefit of others, any intellectual property, trade secrets
or confidential or proprietary information or data of Employer, PRI or their
affiliates, including without limitation, the contents of advertising, customer
lists, information regarding customers or their customers, programming methods,
business plans,



                                       9
<PAGE>

strategies, financial statements, copyrights, correspondence or other records of
Employer, PRI or their affiliates. The restrictions of this Section shall not
apply to information relating to the business or interests of Employer, PRI, or
their affiliates that is, or shall lawfully and rightfully become, public
knowledge and in the public domain through no fault or wrongful act of Employee;
nor shall the restrictions of this Section 4(h)(iv) apply to information that is
(i) disclosed by Employee after obtaining prior written consent of Employer, or
(ii) is required or ordered to be divulged by a court of competent jurisdiction
or an administrative agency having lawful authority to require disclosure of
Employer's knowledge of such information. If Employee is requested or required
to disclose any such information, Employee will provide Employer with written
notice thereof so that Employee may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 4(h)(iv).

                (v)     Remedy. Employee acknowledges that Employee will be
conversant with Employer's, PRI's, and their affiliates' affairs, operations,
trade secrets, customers, customers' customers and other proprietary information
data; that Employee's compliance with the provisions of this Section (h) is
necessary to protect the goodwill and other proprietary rights of Employer; and
that Employee's failure to comply with the provisions of this Section (h) will
result in irreparable and continuing damage to Employer, PRI, and their
respective affiliates for which there will be no adequate remedy at law. If
Employee shall fail to comply with the provision of this Section (h), Employer
(and its respective successors and assigns) shall be entitled to injunctive
relief and to such other and further relief as may be proper and necessary to
ensure such compliance. Employee further acknowledges that the restrictions,
prohibitions and other provisions of this Section are reasonable, fair and
equitable in scope, term and duration, are necessary to protect the legitimate
business interests of Employer, and its affiliates, and are a material
inducement to Employer to enter into the transactions herein contemplated.
Employee covenants that he will not challenge the enforceability of this Section
(h) or any provision hereof nor will he raise any equitable defenses to such
enforcement. In the event that any restriction contained in this Section (h)
shall be held to be too broad in scope or too long in duration to allow
enforcement of such restriction to its full extent, then such restriction shall
be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and Employee hereby consents
and agrees that such scope or duration may be judicially modified accordingly in
any proceeding brought to enforce such restriction.

                (vi)    Mitigation. In no event shall Employee be obligated to
seek other employment or to take other action by way of mitigation of the
amounts payable to Employee under any of the provisions of this Agreement and if
Employee obtains other employment, provided that such employment is not in
violation of the restrictive covenants of Section 4(h)(ii) or in violation of
Section 7(g), no compensation or other payments received by Employee in
connection with such other employment shall mitigate the amounts payable to
Employee under this Agreement.

         5.     Employment Security.

         (a)    Uncontrollable Event. If Employer suffers from any natural or
manmade disaster, work stoppage, civil disobedience, act of war, or any other
emergency condition beyond Employee's control the term of this Employment
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as if such event had not taken
place.



                                       10
<PAGE>

         (b)    Corporate Reorganization. In the event of the merger, consolida-
tion or acquisition of Employer with or by any other corporation, corporations
or other business entities, the sale of Employer or a major portion of its
assets, or of its business or good will or any other corporate reorganization
involving Employer, this Employment Agreement shall be assigned and transferred
to the successor in interest as an asset of Employer and the assignee shall
assume Employer's obligations hereunder, and Employee agrees to continue to
perform Employee's duties and obligations hereunder. Failure to assign this
Employment Agreement prior to any of the events set forth in this subparagraph
5(b) will obligate Employer to fulfill the terms and conditions hereof prior to
consummating the applicable event.

         6.     Arbitration. In the case of any dispute or disagreement arising
out of or connected with this Agreement, the parties hereby agree to submit such
disputes or disagreements to the American Arbitration Association within ninety
(90) days of such dispute or disagreement for resolution by a panel of three
arbitrators designated by the American Arbitration Association, sitting in
Jacksonville, Florida. The panel of arbitrators shall be instructed to render
their decision within one hundred twenty (120) days of the initial submission of
the dispute or disagreement to them. Any decision or award by such arbitration
panel shall be final and binding, and except in a case of gross fraud or
misconduct by one or more of the arbitrators, the decision or award rendered
with respect to such dispute or disagreement shall not be appealable.


         7.     Miscellaneous.

         (a)    All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be delivered personally, telegraphed, telexed (with
appropriate answerback received), sent by facsimile transmission (with immediate
confirmation by telephone conference with the recipient party thereafter), or
sent by registered, certified or express mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, marked
for overnight delivery. Any such notice shall be deemed given when so delivered
personally, telegraphed, telexed (provided the correct answerback is received),
or sent by facsimile transmission (provided confirmation is received immediately
thereafter); or if mailed, three (3) business days after the date of deposit in
the mails; or if sent by overnight courier, one (1) business day after the date
of delivery to the courier service marked for overnight delivery; in each case
addressed as follows:

                           FPIC Insurance Group, Inc.
                           1000 Riverside Avenue, Suite 800
                           Jacksonville, FL  32204
                           Attention:  Robert B. Finch
                           Telephone:  904/350-1016
                           Facsimile:  904/350-1049



                                       11
<PAGE>

                           with a copy to:

                           John R. Byers, Esq.
                           LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
                           50 North Laura Street, Suite 2800
                           Jacksonville, FL  32202-3650
                           Telephone:  904/354-8000
                           Facsimile:  904/353-1673

                           and

                           Anthony Bonomo
                           816 Forte Boulevard
                           Franklin Square, NY  11010
                           Telephone: 516/538-8320
                           Facsimile:  516/564-8682

                           with a copy to:

                           Eric M. Mencher, Esq.
                           Horowitz, Mencher, Klosowski & Nestler, P.C.
                           595 Stewart Avenue
                           Suite 710
                           Garden City, NY  11530
                           Telephone: 516/222-2345
                           Facsimile: 516/222-2665

         (b)    Employer hereby agrees that no request, demand or requirement
shall be made to or of Employee that would violate any federal or state law or
regulations.

         (c)    Should any valid federal or state law or final determination of
any administrative agency or court of competent jurisdiction affect any
provision of this Employment Agreement, the provision so affected shall be
automatically conformed to the law or determination; otherwise, this Employment
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

         (d)    This Employment Agreement is made and entered into in the State
of New York and its validity and interpretation, and the performance by the
parties hereto of their respective duties and obligations hereunder, shall be
governed by the laws of the State of New York and of the United States of
America, without regard to any conflicts of interest laws that would call for
the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

         (e)    This Employment Agreement may be amended only by an instrument
in writing executed by the parties hereto.

         (f)    The headings of the various sections of this Employment
Agreement are inserted for the convenience of the parties and shall not affect
the meaning, construction, or interpretation of this Employment Agreement. They
are not intended to modify or explain, or to be a full or accurate description
of the contents thereof.



                                       12
<PAGE>

         (g)    Employee acknowledges that the relationships of Employer with
PRI and with the insureds of PRI are unique, key assets of Employer and of
fundamental and material importance to Employer in determining to execute and
deliver this Agreement. Therefore, Employee acknowledges and agrees that he
shall not at any time or in any manner induce or attempt to induce PRI to
terminate its relationship or contractual agreements with Employer.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this
Section 7(g) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment
Agreement on the day and date first set forth above.

Anthony Bonomo                          Administrators for the Professions, Inc.


_______________________                 By______________________________________
                                             Its _____ President

___________________________________     ________________________________________
Attest                                  Attest


                                    GUARANTY
                                    --------

         FPIC Insurance Group, Inc., by its execution hereof, hereby guarantees
the performance by Administrators for the Professions, Inc. of its obligations
to Anthony Bonomo under the foregoing Employment Agreement.

                                        FPIC Insurance Group, Inc.


                                        By:_______________________________
                                                Its _____ President








                                       13
<PAGE>



                        EXTENSION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                        ---------------------------------



         Anthony J. Bonomo ("Employee") and Administrators for the Professions,
Inc. ("Employer") are parties to an Employment Agreement dated as of January 1,
1999 (the "Employment Agreement"). The Employment Agreement provides for a
three-year term of employment by Employee and further provides that the term of
Employee's employment thereunder may be extended for additional one-year terms
prior to the end of each calendar year. The term of Employee's employment under
the Employment Agreement currently continues through December 31, 2003.

         Pursuant to Section 1(a) of the Employment Agreement, Employer, acting
through its Board of Directors, hereby notifies Employee that the term of
Employee's employment under the Employment Agreement has been extended for one
additional year, and, therefore, the term of Employee's employment under the
Employment Agreement shall continue through December 31, 2004. Furthermore,
Employer hereby notifies Employee that Employee's annual salary provided for in
Section 2(a) of the Employment Agreement shall be $473,900 for 2002.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Extension of Employment Agreement has been
executed this 21st day of December 2001.



Accepted:                               ADMINISTRATORS FOR THE
                                        PROFESSIONS, INC.


______________________________          By______________________________________
Anthony J. Bonomo                               John R. Byers
                                                Board Member



Attest:                                 Attest:


______________________________          ________________________________________




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
