<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>final03npa.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>















                 RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.









                      Note Purchase Agreement




                     Dated as of July 25, 2003





         $100,000,000 4.65% Senior Notes due July 25, 2013
<table>
                         TABLE OF CONTENTS
<s>                                                              <c>
1. AUTHORIZATION OF NOTES.                                        1
2. SALE AND PURCHASE OF NOTES.                                    1
3. CLOSING.                                                       1
4. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING.                                         2
 4.1.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.                            2
 4.2.  PERFORMANCE; NO DEFAULT.                                   2
 4.3.  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATES.                                   2
 4.4.  OPINIONS OF COUNSEL.                                       2
 4.5.  PURCHASE PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ETC.                 3
 4.6.  INTENIONALLY OMITTED..                                     3
 4.7.  PAYMENT OF SPECIAL COUNSEL FEES                            3
 4.8.  PRIVATE PLACEMENT NUMBER.                                  3
 4.9.  CHANGES IN CORPORATE STRUCTURE.                            3
 4.10. PROCEEDINGS AND DOCUMENTS.                                 3
 4.11  SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE; CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT.              4
 4.12. AMENDED AND RESTATED INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.              4
 4.13  AMENDED AND RESTATED  PLEDGE AGREEMENT.                    4
 4.14. AMENDMENT TO 2000 NOTE AGREEMENTS.                         4
 4.15. AMENDMENT TO CREDIT FACILITY                               4
5.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY                 5
 5.1.  ORGANIZATION; POWER AND AUTHORITY.                         5
 5.3.  DISCLOSURE.                                                6
 5.4.  ORGANIZATION AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES OF SUBSIDIARIES;
         AFFILIATES.                                              6
 5.5.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.                                      7
 5.6.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, OTHER INSTRUMENTS, ETC.              7
 5.7.  GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATIONS, ETC.                          7
 5.8.  LITIGATION; OBSERVANCE OF AGREEMENTS, STATUTES AND ORDERS. 7
 5.9.  TAXES.                                                     8
 5.10. TITLE TO PROPERTY; LEASES.                                 8
 5.11. LICENSES, PERMITS, ETC                                     8
 5.12. COMPLIANCE WITH ERISA                                      9
 5.13. PRIVATE OFFERING BY THE COMPANY.                          10
 5.14. USE OF PROCEEDS; MARGIN REGULATIONS.                      10
 5.15. EXISTING DEBT AND LIENS; FUTURE LIENS.                    10
 5.16. FOREIGN ASSETS CONTROL REGULATIONS, ETC.                  10
 5.17. STATUS UNDER CERTAIN STATUTES.                            11
 5.18. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.                                    11
 5.19. COLLATERAL.                                               11
6. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASER.                             12
 6.1.  PURCHASE FOR INVESTMENT.                                  12
 6.2.  SOURCE OF FUNDS                                           12
7. INFORMATION AS TO COMPANY                                     13
 7.1.  FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS INFORMATION                        13
 7.2.  OFFICER'S/ACCOUNTANT'S CERTIFICATE.                       17
 7.3.  INSPECTION.                                               17
8. PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES                                       18
 8.1.  REQUIRED PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS.                              18
 8.2.  OPTIONAL PREPAYMENTS WITH MAKE-WHOLE AMOUNT               18
 8.3.  CHANGE IN CONTROL.                                        19
 8.4.  ALLOCATION OF PARTIAL PREPAYMENTS.                        20
 8.5.  MATURITY; SURRENDER, ETC.                                 20
 8.6.  NO OTHER OPTIONAL PREPAYMENTS OR PURCHASE OF NOTES.       20
 8.7.  MAKE-WHOLE AMOUNT.                                        21
9. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.                                        22
 9.1.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAW.                                      22
 9.2.  INSURANCE.                                                22
 9.3.  MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES.                                22
 9.4.  PAYMENT OF TAXES AND CLAIMS.                              23
 9.5.  CORPORATE EXISTENCE, ETC.                                 23
 9.6.  COVENANT TO SECURE NOTES EQUALLY.                         23
 9.7   COVENANT RELATING TO ADDITIONAL SUBSIDIARIES.             24
 9.8   OWNERSHIP OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS.                       26
 9.9   PARI PASSU RANKING.                                       26
 9.10  COLLATERAL.                                               26
10. NEGATIVE COVENANTS.                                          27
 10.1. CONSOLIDATED NET WORTH.                                   27
 10.2. LEVERAGE RATIO.                                           28
 10.3. PRIORITY DEBT.                                            28
 10.4. FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO.                              28
 10.5. RESTRICTED PAYMENTS AND RESTRICTED INVESTMENTS.           28
 10.6. LIENS                                                     29
 10.7. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES.                             30
 10.8. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, SALES OF SUBSTANTIALLY ALL ASSETS. 31
 10.9. SALES OF ASSETS.                                          32
 10.10.NATURE OF BUSINESS.                                       32
 10.11.DIVIDEND AND OTHER PAYMENT RESTRICTIONS AFFECTING
         SUBSIDIARIES.                                           33
 10.12.NO RESTRICTION ON AMENDMENTS OR PREPAYMENTS.              33
11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.                                           34
12. REMEDIES ON DEFAULT, ETC.                                    38
 12.1.  ACCELERATION.                                            38
 12.2.  OTHER REMEDIES.                                          38
 12.3.  RESCISSION.                                              38
 12.4.  NO WAIVERS OR ELECTION OF REMEDIES, EXPENSES, ETC.       39
13. REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE; SUBSTITUTION OF NOTES.               39
 13.1   REGISTRATION OF NOTES.                                   39
 13.2.  TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES.                          39
 13.3.  REPLACEMENT OF NOTES.                                    40
14. PAYMENTS ON NOTES.                                           40
 14.1.  PLACE OF PAYMENT.                                        40
 14.2.  HOME OFFICE PAYMENT.                                     40
15. EXPENSES, ETC.                                               41
 15.1.  TRANSACTION EXPENSES.                                    41
 15.2.  SURVIVAL.                                                41
16. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT.41
17. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.                                        42
 17.1.  REQUIREMENTS.                                            42
 17.2.  SOLICITATION OF HOLDERS OF NOTES                         42
 17.3.  BINDING EFFECT, ETC.                                     43
 17.4.  NOTES HELD BY COMPANY, ETC.                              43
18.  NOTICES.                                                    43
19.  REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS.                                  44
20.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.                                   44
21.  SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER.                                  45
22.  MISCELLANEOUS.                                              45
 22.1.  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.                                  45
 22.2.  PAYMENTS DUE ON NON-BUSINESS DAYS.                       45
 22.3.  SEVERABILITY.                                            46
 22.4.  CONSTRUCTION.                                            46
 22.5.  COUNTERPARTS.                                            46
 22.6.  GOVERNING LAW.                                           46
 22.7.  GENERAL INTEREST PROVISIONS.                             46
 22.8.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; ETC.      47
 22.9.  RIGHT OF SET-OFF.                                        48
 22.10. ACCEPTANCE OF INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.                   49
 22.11. FURTHER ASSURANCES.                                      49
</table>

<table>
<s>            <c>
SCHEDULE A     Information Relating to Purchasers

SCHEDULE B     Defined Terms

SCHEDULE C     Exclusions from Asset Sales

SCHEDULE D     Payment Instructions at Closing

SCHEDULE 4.9   Changes in Corporate Structure

SCHEDULE 4.11  Initial Subsidiary Guarantors

SCHEDULE 5.3   Disclosure Materials

SCHEDULE 5.4   Subsidiaries of the Company and Ownership of
               Subsidiary Stock

SCHEDULE 5.5   Financial Statements

SCHEDULE 5.8   Certain Litigation

SCHEDULE 5.11  Patents, etc.

SCHEDULE 5.14  Use of Proceeds

SCHEDULE 5.15  Existing Debt and Liens; Future Liens

EXHIBIT 1      Form of 4.65% Senior Note due July 25, 2013

EXHIBIT 4.4(a) Form of Opinion of Counsel to the Company

EXHIBIT 4.4(b) Form of Opinion of Special Counsel to the
               Purchasers

EXHIBIT 4.11(a)Form of Subsidiary Guarantee

EXHIBIT 4.11(b)Form of Contribution Agreement

EXHIBIT 4.12   Form of Amended and Restated Intercreditor
               Agreement

EXHIBIT 4.13   Form of Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement

EXHIBIT 9.7    Form of Joinder Agreement
</table>


                 RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.
                       405 Lancaster Avenue
                    Greer, South Carolina 29650

                           $100,000,000
               4.65% Senior Notes due July 25, 2013


                                         Dated as of July 25, 2003


TO EACH OF THE PURCHASERS LISTED IN
   THE ATTACHED SCHEDULE A:

Ladies and Gentlemen:

       RYAN'S   FAMILY  STEAK  HOUSES,  INC.,  a  South   Carolina
corporation (the "Company"), agrees with you as follows:

1.   AUTHORIZATION OF NOTES.

     The Company will authorize the issue and sale of $100,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its 4.65% Senior Notes due July  25,
2013  (the "Notes", such term to include any such notes issued  in
substitution  therefor pursuant to Section 13 of this  Agreement).
The Notes shall be substantially in the form set out in Exhibit 1,
with such changes therefrom, if any, as may be approved by you and
the Company.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
defined  in  Schedule  B;  references to  "Sections"  are,  unless
otherwise specified, to Sections of this Agreement; and references
to  a  "Schedule" or an "Exhibit" are, unless otherwise specified,
to a Schedule or an Exhibit attached to this Agreement.

2.   SALE AND PURCHASE OF NOTES.

      Subject  to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,  the
Company will issue and sell to you and you will purchase from  the
Company,  at the Closing provided for in Section 3, Notes  in  the
principal amount specified opposite your name in Schedule A at the
purchase price of 100% of the principal amount thereof.

3.   CLOSING.

      The  sale and purchase of the Notes to be purchased  by  you
shall occur at the offices of King & Spalding LLP, 1185 Avenue  of
the  Americas, New York, New York, 10036-4003 at 10:00  a.m.,  New
York time, at a closing (the "Closing") on July 25, 2003.  At  the
Closing  the Company will deliver to you the Notes to be purchased
by  you  in  the form of a single Note (or such greater number  of
Notes  in  denominations of at least $100,000 as you may  request)
dated  the date of the Closing and registered in your name (or  in
the  name of your nominee), against delivery by you to the Company
or  its order of immediately available funds in the amount of  the
purchase  price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available
funds  for  the  account  of the Company  to  the  account  number
specified  in Schedule D attached hereto.  If at the  Closing  the
Company  shall fail to tender such Notes to you as provided  above
in this Section 3, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4
shall not have been fulfilled to your satisfaction, you shall,  at
your  election, be relieved of all further obligations under  this
Agreement,  without thereby waiving any rights  you  may  have  by
reason of such failure or such non-fulfillment

4.   CONDITIONS TO CLOSING.

      Your obligation to purchase and pay for the Notes to be sold
to  you  at  the  Closing is subject to the  fulfillment  to  your
satisfaction,  prior  to  or  at the  Closing,  of  the  following
conditions:

     4.1. Representations and Warranties.

      The  representations and warranties of the Company  in  this
Agreement  shall  be  correct when made and at  the  time  of  the
Closing.

     4.2. Performance; No Default.

      The  Company  shall  have performed and  complied  with  all
agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement required  to
be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing and
after  giving effect to the issue and sale of the Notes  (and  the
application  of the proceeds thereof as contemplated  by  Schedule
5.14)  no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred  and  be
continuing.   Neither  the Company nor any Subsidiary  shall  have
entered into any transaction since January 1, 2003 that would have
been  prohibited by Section 10 hereof had such Section 10  applied
since such date.

     4.3. Compliance Certificates.

          (a)   Company Officer's Certificate.  The Company  shall
     have  delivered  to you an Officer's Certificate,  dated  the
     date of the Closing, certifying that the conditions specified
     in Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.9 have been fulfilled.

          (b)  Company Secretary's Certificate.  The Company shall
     have  delivered  to you a certificate certifying  as  to  the
     resolutions  attached thereto and other corporate proceedings
     relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of  the
     Notes,  this  Agreement and the other Financing Documents  to
     which the Company is a party.

          (c)  Subsidiary Guarantor Secretary's Certificate.  Each
     Subsidiary   Guarantor  shall  have  delivered   to   you   a
     certificate certifying as to the resolutions attached thereto
     and    other   corporate   proceedings   relating   to    the
     authorization,  execution  and  delivery  of  the   Financing
     Documents to which such Subsidiary Guarantor is a party.

     4.4. Opinions of Counsel.

     You  shall  have  received opinions  in  form  and  substance
satisfactory to you, dated the date of the Closing (a) from Wyche,
Burgess,   Freeman  &  Parham,  P.A.,  counsel  for  the  Company,
substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit 4.4(a) and covering
such  other  matters  incident  to the  transactions  contemplated
hereby  as  you  or your counsel may reasonably request  (and  the
Company  hereby instructs its counsel to deliver such  opinion  to
you)  and  (b) from King & Spalding LLP, your special  counsel  in
connection with such transactions, substantially in the  form  set
forth  in  Exhibit 4.4(b) and covering such other matters incident
to such transactions as you may reasonably request.

     4.5. Purchase Permitted By Applicable Law, etc.

     On  the  date  of  the Closing your purchase of  Notes  shall
(a)  be permitted by the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction
to  which you are subject, without recourse to provisions (such as
Section  1405(a)(8)  of  the  New York Insurance  Law)  permitting
limited investments by insurance companies without restriction  as
to the character of the particular investment, (b) not violate any
applicable  law  or  regulation  (including,  without  limitation,
Regulations  T,  U or X of the Board of Governors of  the  Federal
Reserve  System)  and (c) not subject you to any tax,  penalty  or
liability  under or pursuant to any applicable law or  regulation,
which law or regulation was not in effect on the date hereof.   If
requested by you, you shall have received an Officer's Certificate
certifying  as  to  such  matters of fact as  you  may  reasonably
specify  to  enable you to determine whether such purchase  is  so
permitted.

     4.6. Intentionally Omitted.


     4.7. Payment of Special Counsel Fees

     Without  limiting the provisions of Section 15.1, the Company
shall  have  paid  on or before the Closing the  reasonable  fees,
charges and disbursements of your special counsel referred  to  in
Section 4.4 to the extent reflected in a statement of such counsel
rendered  to  the Company at least one Business Day prior  to  the
Closing.

     4.8. Private Placement Number.

      A Private Placement number issued by Standard & Poor's CUSIP
Service  Bureau  (in  cooperation with  the  Securities  Valuation
Office  of  the  National Association of Insurance  Commissioners)
shall have been obtained for the Notes.

     4.9. Changes in Corporate Structure.

      Except  as specified in Schedule 4.9, the Company shall  not
have changed its jurisdiction of incorporation or been a party  to
any merger or consolidation and shall not have succeeded to all or
any  substantial part of the liabilities of any other  entity,  at
any   time  following  the  date  of  the  most  recent  financial
statements referred to in Schedule 5.5.

     4.10.     Proceedings and Documents.

     All  corporate and other proceedings in connection  with  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all documents  and
instruments incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory to
you  and  your  special counsel, and you and your special  counsel
shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or
other  copies  of  such documents as you or  they  may  reasonably
request.

     4.11 Subsidiary Guarantee; Contribution Agreement.

          (a)   Subsidiary  Guarantee.  Each of  the  Subsidiaries
     specified in Schedule 4.11 (collectively, together with  each
     other  Subsidiary that shall from time to time become a party
     to  the  Subsidiary Guarantee and their respective successors
     and assigns, the "Subsidiary Guarantors"), which Subsidiaries
     include all of the Domestic Subsidiaries existing on the date
     of Closing and each other Subsidiary, if any, required by the
     terms  of the Credit Facility or the 2000 Note Agreements  to
     Guaranty the obligations arising under the Credit Facility or
     the  2000  Note  Agreements, as the case may be,  shall  have
     executed  and  delivered a subsidiary guarantee agreement  in
     the  form  set forth in Exhibit 4.11(a) (as may  be  amended,
     supplemented,  restated or otherwise modified  from  time  to
     time,   and   collectively  with  any  subsidiary   guarantee
     agreement  executed pursuant to Section 9.7, the  "Subsidiary
     Guarantee").

          (b)   Contribution  Agreement.   The  Company  and  each
     Subsidiary  Guarantor  shall have executed  and  delivered  a
     contribution   agreement   in   the   form   set   forth   in
     Exhibit 4.11(b) (as may be amended, supplemented, restated or
     otherwise  modified from time to time, and collectively  with
     any  contribution agreement executed pursuant to Section 9.7,
     the "Contribution Agreement").

     4.12.     Amended and Restated  Intercreditor Agreement.

     An  Amended and Restated Intercreditor and Collateral  Agency
Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit 4.12 hereto, shall
have  been  duly  executed and delivered by  the  Purchasers,  the
holders  of  the  2000  Senior Notes, the  Collateral  Agent,  the
Lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the
Lenders,  and  acknowledged and agreed to by the Company  and  the
Subsidiary  Guarantors,  and a copy thereof  evidencing  such  due
execution and delivery shall be delivered to you.

     4.13.     Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement.

     The Company shall have delivered to you a fully executed copy
of  an Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, substantially in the
form  of Exhibit 4.13 hereto, duly executed and delivered  by  the
Company,  certain Subsidiary Guarantors and the Collateral  Agent,
certified  as true, complete and correct by a Responsible  Officer
of the Company.

     4.14.     2000 Note Agreements.

     The Company shall have delivered to you a fully executed copy
of  an  amendment to the 2000 Note Agreements, certified as  true,
complete and correct by a Responsible Officer of the Company,  and
such  amendment shall permit the transactions contemplated  hereby
and otherwise be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory  to
you.

     4.15.     Credit Facility.

     The Company shall have delivered to you a fully executed copy
of  an  amendment to the documents evidencing the Credit Facility,
certified  as true, complete and correct by a Responsible  Officer
of  the  Company, and such amendment shall permit the transactions
contemplated  hereby  and  otherwise  be  in  form  and  substance
reasonably satisfactory to you.


5.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company represents and warrants to you that:

     5.1. Organization; Power and Authority.

     Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries

          (a)   is  a  corporation  or  other  legal  entity  duly
     organized,  validly existing and in good standing  under  the
     laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and

          (b)   (i) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and
     is  in  good standing, or (ii) has made all filings necessary
     to  become  so  qualified and be in good  standing,  in  each
     jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by  law,
     other than those jurisdictions as to which the failure to  be
     so  qualified or in good standing could not, individually  or
     in  the  aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect.

Each  of the Company and its Subsidiaries has the corporate  power
and  authority  to  own  or  hold under lease  the  properties  it
purports  to own or hold under lease, to transact the business  it
transacts  and  proposes to transact, to execute and  deliver  the
Financing  Documents to which it is a party  and  to  perform  the
provisions thereof.

     5.2. Authorization, etc.

          (a)   The Company.  The Financing Documents to which the
     Company is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary
     corporate  action  on  the  part of  the  Company,  and  such
     Financing  Documents  constitute  legal,  valid  and  binding
     obligations  of the Company, enforceable against the  Company
     in  accordance  with their respective terms, except  as  such
     enforceability  may be limited by (i) applicable  bankruptcy,
     insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar  laws
     affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally  and
     (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such
     enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or  at
     law).

          (b)  The Subsidiary Guarantors.  The Financing Documents
     to  which each Subsidiary Guarantor is a party have been duly
     authorized by all necessary corporate action on the  part  of
     each  such Subsidiary Guarantor, and such Financing Documents
     constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of each  such
     Subsidiary   Guarantor,   enforceable   against   each   such
     Subsidiary  Guarantor  in accordance  with  their  respective
     terms,  except as such enforceability may be limited  by  (i)
     applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
     or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors'
     rights  generally  and  (ii)  general  principles  of  equity
     (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
     proceeding in equity or at law).

     5.3. Disclosure.

     Except  as  disclosed  in Schedule 5.3, this  Agreement,  the
documents, certificates or other writings delivered to you  by  or
on  behalf  of  the  Company in connection with  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby  and  the  financial  statements  listed   in
Schedule  5.5,  taken  as  a  whole, do  not  contain  any  untrue
statement  of  a material fact or omit to state any material  fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading  in  light
of  the  circumstances  under which they  were  made.   Except  as
expressly  described in Schedule 5.3, or in one of the  documents,
certificates  or  other writings identified  therein,  or  in  the
financial statements listed in Schedule 5.5, since January 1, 2003
there  has  been no change in the financial condition, operations,
business, properties or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary
except  changes  that individually or in the aggregate  could  not
reasonably  be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   There
is  no fact known to the Company that could reasonably be expected
to  have  a  Material Adverse Effect that has not been  set  forth
herein  or in the other documents, certificates and other writings
delivered  to you by or on behalf of the Company specifically  for
use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

     5.4. Organization and Ownership of Shares of Subsidiaries;
Affiliates.

          (a)  Subsidiaries and Affiliates.  Schedule 5.4 contains
     (except as noted therein) complete and correct lists:  (i) of
     the  Company's Subsidiaries, showing, as to each  Subsidiary,
     (A)  the  correct name thereof, (B) the jurisdiction  of  its
     organization, (C) the number and percentage of shares of each
     class  of  its  Capital  Stock or  similar  equity  interests
     outstanding owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company and
     each  other  Subsidiary,  and  the  number  and  effect,   if
     exercised,  of all outstanding options, warrants,  rights  of
     conversion  or  purchase and all other  similar  rights  with
     respect  thereto, (D) whether such Subsidiary is  a  Domestic
     Subsidiary  or  Foreign  Subsidiary  and  (E)  whether   such
     Subsidiary  is  a Material Subsidiary; (ii) of the  Company's
     Affiliates,  other  than  Subsidiaries;  and  (iii)  of   the
     Company's directors and senior officers.

          (b)   Capital Stock.  All of the outstanding  shares  of
     Capital  Stock or similar equity interests of each Subsidiary
     shown  in Schedule 5.4 as being owned by the Company and  its
     Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-
     assessable and are owned by the Company or another Subsidiary
     free  and  clear of any Lien (except for Liens  permitted  by
     Section  10.6(i)).  The Subsidiaries listed on Schedule  4.11
     are the only Domestic Subsidiaries as of the date of Closing,
     and no Foreign Subsidiaries exist as of the date of Closing.

          (c)   No Payment Limitations.  No Subsidiary is a  party
     to,  or  otherwise  subject to any legal restriction  or  any
     agreement   (other   than  this  Agreement,   the   documents
     evidencing the Credit Facility, the 2000 Note Agreements  and
     related  documents,  and  customary  limitations  imposed  by
     corporate  law  statutes) restricting  the  ability  of  such
     Subsidiary to pay dividends out of profits or make any  other
     similar distributions of profits to the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries that owns outstanding shares of Capital Stock or
     similar equity interests of such Subsidiary.

     5.5. Financial Statements.

     The  Company  has delivered to each Purchaser copies  of  the
financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries listed on
Schedule 5.5.  All of said financial statements (including in each
case  the  related  schedules and notes)  fairly  present  in  all
material  respects  the  consolidated financial  position  of  the
Company  and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates specified
in  such Schedule and the consolidated results of their operations
and  cash  flows for the respective periods so specified and  have
been   prepared  in  accordance  with  GAAP  consistently  applied
throughout the periods involved except as set forth in  the  notes
thereto (subject, in the case of any interim financial statements,
to normal year-end adjustments).

     5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, etc.

     The  execution, delivery and performance by the  Company  and
its  Subsidiaries of the Financing Documents to  which  each  such
Person is a party will not

            (a) contravene, result in any breach of, or constitute
     a  default  under, or result in the creation of any  Lien  in
     respect  of  any  property of the Company or  any  Subsidiary
     under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan, purchase
     or  credit agreement, lease, corporate charter or by-laws, or
     any other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any
     Subsidiary is bound or by which the Company or any Subsidiary
     or  any  of  their  respective properties  may  be  bound  or
     affected,

            (b) conflict with or result in a breach of any of  the
     terms,  conditions  or  provisions of  any  order,  judgment,
     decree,  or  ruling of any court, arbitrator or  Governmental
     Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary, or

          (c)   violate any provision of any statute or other rule
     or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to the
     Company or any Subsidiary.

     5.7. Governmental Authorizations, etc.

      No  consent,  approval or authorization of, or registration,
filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required
in  connection with the execution, delivery or performance by  the
Company  or any Subsidiary of the Financing Documents to which  it
is a party.

     5.8. Litigation; Observance of Agreements, Statutes and
Orders.

          (a)   Litigation.  Except as disclosed in Schedule  5.8,
     there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the
     knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the
     Company  or any Subsidiary or any property of the Company  or
     any  Subsidiary in any court or before any arbitrator of  any
     kind  or  before  or  by  any  Governmental  Authority  that,
     individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  could  reasonably   be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (b)   Defaults and Violations.  Neither the Company  nor
     any  Subsidiary is in default under any term of any agreement
     or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound,
     or  any  order,  judgment, decree or  ruling  of  any  court,
     arbitrator  or Governmental Authority or is in  violation  of
     any  applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation (including
     without  limitation Environmental Laws) of  any  Governmental
     Authority, which default or violation, individually or in the
     aggregate,  could reasonably be expected to have  a  Material
     Adverse Effect.

     5.9. Taxes.

      The  Company and its Subsidiaries have filed all tax returns
that are required to have been filed in any jurisdiction, and have
paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and all
other  taxes and assessments levied upon them or their properties,
assets,  income  or  franchises, to  the  extent  such  taxes  and
assessments  have  become due and payable  and  before  they  have
become  delinquent, except for any taxes and assessments  (a)  the
amount  of which is not individually or in the aggregate  Material
or (b) the amount, applicability or validity of which is currently
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and  with
respect to which the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may  be,
has  established adequate reserves in accordance with  GAAP.   The
Company  knows  of no basis for any other tax or  assessment  that
could  reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse  Effect.
The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company and
its  Subsidiaries in respect of Federal, state or other taxes  for
all   fiscal  periods  are  adequate.   The  Federal  income   tax
liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been  audited
by  the Internal Revenue Service and paid for all fiscal years  up
to and including the fiscal year ended December 30, 1998.

     5.10.     Title to Property; Leases.

      The  Company  and its Subsidiaries have good and  sufficient
title  to their respective properties that individually or in  the
aggregate are Material, including all such properties reflected in
the  most recent audited balance sheet referred to in Section  5.5
or  purported  to  have  been  acquired  by  the  Company  or  any
Subsidiary  after said date (except as sold or otherwise  disposed
of  in  the  ordinary course of business), in each case  free  and
clear  of  Liens  prohibited by this Agreement.  All  leases  that
individually  or  in  the  aggregate are Material  are  valid  and
subsisting  and  are  in  full force and effect  in  all  material
respects.

     5.11.     Licenses, Permits, etc.

     Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.11:

          (a)  the Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess all
     licenses,   permits,  franchises,  authorizations,   patents,
     copyrights,  service marks, trademarks and  trade  names,  or
     rights  thereto,  that individually or in the  aggregate  are
     Material, without known conflict with the rights of others;

          (b)  no product of the Company infringes in any material
     respect   any   license,  permit,  franchise,  authorization,
     patent,  copyright, service mark, trademark,  trade  name  or
     other right owned by any other Person; and

          (c)  there is no Material violation by any Person of any
     right  of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect
     to any patent, copyright, service mark, trademark, trade name
     or  other  right owned or used by the Company or any  of  its
     Subsidiaries.

     5.12.     Compliance with ERISA.

          (a)   The Company and each ERISA Affiliate have operated
     and  administered each Plan in compliance with all applicable
     laws  except for such instances of noncompliance as have  not
     resulted in and could not reasonably be expected to result in
     a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any ERISA
     Affiliate has incurred any liability pursuant to Title  I  or
     IV  of  ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of  the
     Code  relating  to  employee benefit  plans  (as  defined  in
     Section  3  of ERISA), and no event, transaction or condition
     has  occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected  to
     result in the incurrence of any such liability by the Company
     or  any ERISA Affiliate, or in the imposition of any Lien  on
     any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any
     ERISA Affiliate, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV  of
     ERISA  or  to  such  penalty or excise tax provisions  or  to
     Section  401(a)(29)  or  412 of the  Code,  other  than  such
     liabilities or Liens as would not be individually or  in  the
     aggregate Material.

          (b)    The   present  value  of  the  aggregate  benefit
     liabilities under each of the Plans (other than Multiemployer
     Plans), determined as of the end of such Plan's most recently
     ended  plan  year  on the basis of the actuarial  assumptions
     specified  for  funding purposes in such Plan's  most  recent
     actuarial  valuation  report, did not  exceed  the  aggregate
     current  value of the assets of such Plan allocable  to  such
     benefit liabilities, in the case of any single Plan,  and  in
     the  aggregate  for all Plans, by more than $3,000,000.   The
     term  "benefit  liabilities" has  the  meaning  specified  in
     section  4001  of  ERISA and the terms  "current  value"  and
     "present  value" have the meaning specified in section  3  of
     ERISA.

          (c)   The  Company  and  its ERISA Affiliates  have  not
     incurred  withdrawal  liabilities (and  are  not  subject  to
     contingent withdrawal liabilities) under section 4201 or 4204
     of  ERISA in respect of Multiemployer Plans that individually
     or in the aggregate are Material.

          (d)   The  expected  post-retirement benefit  obligation
     (determined as of the last day of the Company's most recently
     ended  fiscal  year  in accordance with Financial  Accounting
     Standards   Board  Statement  No.  106,  without  regard   to
     liabilities attributable to continuation coverage mandated by
     section   4980B  of  the  Code)  of  the  Company   and   its
     Subsidiaries is not Material.

          (e)   The  execution and delivery of this Agreement  and
     the issuance and sale of the Notes hereunder will not involve
     any  transaction  that  is subject  to  the  prohibitions  of
     section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which a tax  could
     be imposed pursuant to section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code.
     The  representation by the Company in the first  sentence  of
     this Section 5.12(e) is made in reliance upon and subject  to
     (i) the accuracy of your representation in Section 6.2 as  to
     the  sources of the funds used to pay the purchase  price  of
     the  Notes  to  be purchased by you and (ii) the  assumption,
     made  solely  for  the purpose of making such representation,
     that Department of Labor Prohibited Transaction Exemption 95-
     60  (60  FR  35925)  with respect to prohibited  transactions
     remains  valid  in  the  circumstances  of  the  transactions
     contemplated herein.

     5.13.     Private Offering by the Company.

      Neither the Company nor any Person acting on its behalf  has
offered  the  Notes  or any similar securities  for  sale  to,  or
solicited  any  offer to buy any of the same  from,  or  otherwise
approached or negotiated in respect thereof with, any Person other
than  you  and not more than 75 other Institutional Investors  (as
defined in paragraph (c) of the definition of such term), each  of
which has been offered the Notes at a private sale for investment.
Neither the Company nor any Person acting on its behalf has taken,
or  will take, any action that would subject the issuance or  sale
of  the Notes to the registration requirements of Section 5 of the
Securities Act.

     5.14.     Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations.

      The Company will apply the proceeds of the sale of the Notes
as  set forth in Schedule 5.14.  No part of the proceeds from  the
sale  of the Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly,
for  the purpose of buying or carrying any margin stock within the
meaning  of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the  Federal
Reserve  System  (12  CFR 221), or for the purpose  of  buying  or
carrying or trading in any securities under such circumstances  as
to  involve  the Company in a violation of Regulation  X  of  said
Board  (12  CFR  224)  or to involve any broker  or  dealer  in  a
violation  of  Regulation T of said Board (12  CFR  220).   Margin
stock  does  not  constitute more than 5%  of  the  value  of  the
consolidated  assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries  and  the
Company does not have any present intention that margin stock will
constitute more than 5% of the value of such assets.  As  used  in
this  Section, the terms "margin stock" and "purpose of buying  or
carrying"  shall  have  the  meanings assigned  to  them  in  said
Regulation U.

     5.15.     Existing Debt and Liens; Future Liens.

          (a)   Existing  Debt  and Liens.   Except  as  described
     therein, Schedule 5.15 sets forth a complete and correct list
     of  all  outstanding Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries
     as  of  the date hereof (indicating as to any such  Debt  the
     collateral, if any, securing such Debt).  Neither the Company
     nor any Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default  is
     currently  in  effect, in the payment  of  any  principal  or
     interest on any Debt of the Company or such Subsidiary and no
     event  or  condition exists with respect to any Debt  of  the
     Company  or  any Subsidiary that would permit (or  that  with
     notice  or the lapse of time, or both, would permit)  one  or
     more  Persons  to cause such Debt to become due  and  payable
     before  its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled
     dates of payment.

          (b)   Future  Liens.   Except as disclosed  in  Schedule
     5.15,  neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has  agreed  or
     consented  to  cause  or  permit  in  the  future  (upon  the
     happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property,
     whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject  to  a
     Lien not permitted by Section 10.6.

     5.16.     Foreign Assets Control Regulations, etc.

      Neither  the sale of the Notes by the Company hereunder  nor
its  use of the proceeds thereof will violate the Trading with the
Enemy  Act,  as  amended,  or any of the  foreign  assets  control
regulations  of  the  United States Treasury Department  (31  CFR,
Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation  or
executive order relating thereto.

     5.17.     Status under Certain Statutes.

      Neither  the  Company  nor  any  Subsidiary  is  subject  to
regulation  under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as  amended,
the  Public  Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended,  the
Transportation  Acts,  as amended, or the Federal  Power  Act,  as
amended.

     5.18.     Environmental Matters.

      Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has knowledge of  any
claim  or  has received any notice of any claim, and no proceeding
has  been instituted raising any claim against the Company or  any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective real properties now
or  formerly  owned, leased or operated by any of  them  or  other
assets, alleging any damage to the environment or violation of any
Environmental  Laws,  except, in each  case,  such  as  could  not
reasonably  be  expected to result in a Material  Adverse  Effect.
Except as otherwise disclosed to you in writing:

          (a)    neither  the  Company  nor  any  Subsidiary   has
     knowledge  of any facts which would give rise to  any  claim,
     public  or  private,  of violation of Environmental  Laws  or
     damage to the environment emanating from, occurring on or  in
     any  way  related  to real properties now or formerly  owned,
     leased or operated by any of them or to other assets or their
     use,  except,  in each case, such as could not reasonably  be
     expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

          (b)  neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
     stored  any  Hazardous Materials on real  properties  now  or
     formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them and has not
     disposed  of any Hazardous Materials in a manner contrary  to
     any  Environmental Laws in each case in any manner that could
     reasonably  be  expected  to result  in  a  Material  Adverse
     Effect; and

          (c)   all  buildings on all real properties  now  owned,
     leased  or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     are  in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, except
     where  failure to comply could not reasonably be expected  to
     result in a Material Adverse Effect.

     5.19.     Collateral.

      The  Pledge Agreement is in full force and effect,  has  not
been  amended or modified since the execution and delivery thereof
except  as  provided  in  Section 4.13 and  creates  a  valid  and
perfected first priority Lien in and to the Collateral in favor of
the  Collateral  Agent,  for the benefit of  the  Secured  Parties
(including  without  limitation the  Purchasers),  subject  to  no
Liens,  except  to  the  extent permitted by  Section  10.6.   All
certificates  and  documents  constituting  Collateral  have  been
delivered  to  the  Collateral Agent, together  with  all  related
undated blank stock powers.


6.   REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASER.

     6.1. Purchase for Investment.

      You represent that you are purchasing the Notes for your own
account or for one or more separate accounts maintained by you  or
for the account of one or more pension or trust funds and not with
a  view to the distribution thereof, provided that the disposition
of  your  or their property shall at all times be within  your  or
their  control.   You  understand that the  Notes  have  not  been
registered  under  the Securities Act and may be  resold  only  if
registered pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act or  if
an   exemption  from  registration  is  available,  except   under
circumstances  where  neither  such  registration  nor   such   an
exemption is required by law, and that the Company is not required
to  register the Notes.  You represent that you (or any advisor on
your  behalf)  are  experienced in  evaluating  and  investing  in
companies  such as the Company, have such knowledge and experience
in  financial  and  business  matters  that  you  are  capable  of
evaluating  the merits and risks of your investment and  have  the
ability  to  bear  the  economic risks of  your  investment.   You
further  represent that you are a "qualified institutional  buyer"
as  such  term  is  defined in Rule 144A   promulgated  under  the
Securities Act.

     6.2. Source of Funds

     You  represent that at least one of the following  statements
is  an  accurate  representation as to each  source  of  funds  (a
"Source") to be used by you to pay the purchase price of the Notes
to be purchased by you hereunder:

          (a)   General  Account -- the Source  is  an  "insurance
     company  general account" as defined in Department  of  Labor
     Prohibited Transaction Exemption ("PTE") 95-60 and in respect
     thereof  you  represent that there is  no  "employee  benefit
     plan"  (as  defined  in  section 3(3) of  ERISA  and  section
     4975(e)(1) of the Code, treating as a single plan  all  plans
     maintained  by the same employer or employee organization  or
     affiliate  thereof) with respect to which the amount  of  the
     general  account  reserves and liabilities of  all  contracts
     held  by  or on behalf of such plan exceed 10% of  the  total
     reserves  and liabilities of such general account  (exclusive
     of  separate account liabilities) plus surplus, as set  forth
     in  the  National  Association  of  Insurance  Commissioners'
     Annual Statement filed with your state of domicile;

          (b)  Separate Account -- the Source is either

               (i)   an insurance company pooled separate account,
          within the meaning of PTE 90-1, or

               (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within  the
          meaning of the PTE 91-38,

     and,  except as you have disclosed to the Company in  writing
     pursuant to this Section 6.2(b), no employee benefit plan  or
     group  of  plans maintained by the same employer or  employee
     organization  beneficially owns more than 10% of  all  assets
     allocated  to  such  pooled separate  account  or  collective
     investment fund;

          (c)   QPAM  --  the  Source  constitutes  assets  of  an
     "investment fund" (within the meaning of Part V of  the  QPAM
     Exemption) in respect of which each of the following is true:

               (i)    such  investment  fund  is  managed   by   a
          "qualified professional asset manager" or "QPAM" (within
          the meaning of Part V of the QPAM Exemption),

               (ii)  no  employee benefit plan's assets  that  are
          included in such investment fund, when combined with the
          assets  of  all other employee benefit plans established
          or  maintained by the same employer or by  an  affiliate
          (within  the  meaning  of section V(c)(1)  of  the  QPAM
          Exemption)  of  such employer or by  the  same  employee
          organization and managed by such QPAM, exceed 20% of the
          total client assets managed by such QPAM,

               (iii)     the conditions of Part I(c) and Part I(g)
          of  the  QPAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the  QPAM
          nor  a  Person  controlling or controlled  by  the  QPAM
          (applying the definition of "control" in Section V(e) of
          the  QPAM Exemption) owns a 5% or more interest  in  the
          Company, and

               (iv) (A)  the identity of such QPAM, and

                    (B)   the names of all employee benefit  plans
               whose assets are included in such investment fund

          have  been disclosed to the Company in writing  pursuant
          to this Section 6.2(c);

          (d)    Government  Plan,  etc.  --  the  Source   is   a
     governmental plan;

          (e)   Identified  Plans -- the Source  is  one  or  more
     employee  benefit plans, or a separate account or trust  fund
     comprised  of  one or more employee benefit  plans,  each  of
     which  has been identified to the Company in writing pursuant
     to this Section 6.2(e); or

          (f)   Exempt  Plans -- the Source does not  include  the
     assets of any employee benefit plan that is subject to  Title
     I  of ERISA or any "plan" which is subject to Section 4975 of
     the Code.

As  used  in this Section 6.2, the terms "employee benefit  plan",
"governmental  plan"  and  "separate  account"  shall   have   the
respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA.

7.   INFORMATION AS TO COMPANY

     7.1. Financial and Business Information

      The Company shall deliver to each holder of Notes that is an
Institutional Investor:

          (a)   Quarterly Statements -- within 45 days  after  the
     end  of  each quarterly fiscal period in each fiscal year  of
     the  Company (other than the last quarterly fiscal period  of
     each such fiscal year), copies of,

               (i)   a  consolidated balance sheet of the  Company
          and  its  Subsidiaries as at the end  of  such  quarter,
          setting  forth in comparative form the figures  for  the
          previous fiscal year-end, and

               (ii)  consolidated statements of earnings and  cash
          flows  of  the  Company and its Subsidiaries,  for  such
          quarter  and  (in  the  case of  the  second  and  third
          quarters) for the portion of the fiscal year ending with
          such  quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative
          form  the figures for the corresponding periods  in  the
          previous fiscal year,

     all  in  reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with  GAAP
     applicable  to quarterly financial statements generally,  and
     certified by a Senior Financial Officer as fairly presenting,
     in  all  material  respects, the financial  position  of  the
     companies  being reported on and their results of  operations
     and  cash  flows, subject to changes resulting from  year-end
     adjustments,  provided that delivery within the  time  period
     specified  above of copies of the Company's Quarterly  Report
     on  Form  10-Q  prepared in compliance with the  requirements
     therefor   and   filed  with  the  Securities  and   Exchange
     Commission  shall  be deemed to satisfy the  requirements  of
     this Section 7.1(a);

          (b)   Annual Statements -- within 90 days after the  end
     of each fiscal year of the Company, copies of,

               (i)   a  consolidated balance sheet of the  Company
          and its Subsidiaries, as at the end of such year, and

               (ii)  consolidated statements of earnings and  cash
          flows  of  the  Company and its Subsidiaries,  for  such
          year,

     setting  forth in each case in comparative form  the  figures
     for  the  previous  fiscal year, all  in  reasonable  detail,
     prepared  in  accordance with GAAP,  and  accompanied  by  an
     opinion  thereon of independent certified public  accountants
     of  recognized national standing, which opinion  shall  state
     that  such  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in   all
     material  respects, the financial position of  the  companies
     being reported upon and their results of operations and  cash
     flows  and  have been prepared in conformity with  GAAP,  and
     that  the examination of such accountants in connection  with
     such  financial  statements has been made in accordance  with
     generally  accepted auditing standards, and that  such  audit
     provides  a  reasonable  basis  for  such  opinion   in   the
     circumstances,  provided that the delivery  within  the  time
     period specified above of the Company's Annual Report on Form
     10-K for such fiscal year (together with the Company's annual
     report to shareholders, if any, prepared pursuant to Rule 14a-
     3  under  the Exchange Act) prepared in accordance  with  the
     requirements  therefor  and filed  with  the  Securities  and
     Exchange   Commission,   together   with   the   accountant's
     certificate described in Section 7.2(b), shall be  deemed  to
     satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.1(b);

          (c)   SEC  and  Other  Reports --  promptly  upon  their
     becoming available, one copy of (i) each financial statement,
     report, notice or proxy statement sent by the Company or  any
     Subsidiary  to  public  securities  holders  generally,   and
     (ii)  each  regular  or  periodic report,  each  registration
     statement (without exhibits except as expressly requested  by
     such  holder), and each prospectus and all amendments thereto
     filed  by  the Company or any Subsidiary with the  Securities
     and  Exchange Commission and of all press releases and  other
     statements  made available generally by the  Company  or  any
     Subsidiary  to  the public concerning developments  that  are
     Material;

          (d)   Notice of Default or Event of Default -- promptly,
     and   in  any  event  within  five  Business  Days  after   a
     Responsible  Officer becoming aware of the existence  of  any
     Default or Event of Default or that any Person has given  any
     notice  or taken any action with respect to a claimed default
     hereunder  or that any Person has given any notice  or  taken
     any  action  with respect to a claimed default  of  the  type
     referred to in Section 11(f), a written notice specifying the
     nature  and  period of existence thereof and what action  the
     Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto;

          (e)   ERISA Matters -- promptly, and in any event within
     five  days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of  any
     of  the  following, a written notice setting forth the nature
     thereof and the action, if any, that the Company or an  ERISA
     Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto:

               (i)   with  respect  to  any Plan,  any  reportable
          event,  as defined in section 4043(b) of ERISA  and  the
          regulations thereunder, for which notice thereof has not
          been waived pursuant to such regulations as in effect on
          the date hereof; or

               (ii)  the taking by the PBGC of steps to institute,
          or  the  threatening by the PBGC of the institution  of,
          proceedings  under  section  4042  of  ERISA   for   the
          termination  of,  or the appointment  of  a  trustee  to
          administer, any Plan, or the receipt by the  Company  or
          any  ERISA  Affiliate of a notice from  a  Multiemployer
          Plan  that  such action has been taken by the PBGC  with
          respect to such Multiemployer Plan; or

               (iii)     any event, transaction or condition  that
          could result in the incurrence of any liability  by  the
          Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV
          of  ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the
          Code  relating  to  employee benefit plans,  or  in  the
          imposition  of any Lien on any of the rights, properties
          or assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant
          to  Title I or IV of ERISA or such penalty or excise tax
          provisions,  if  such liability or Lien, taken  together
          with  any other such liabilities or Liens then existing,
          could  reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
          Effect;

          (f)   Notices  from Governmental Authority --  promptly,
     and in any event within 30 days of receipt thereof, copies of
     any  notice to the Company or any Subsidiary from any Federal
     or  state  Governmental  Authority  relating  to  any  order,
     ruling,  statute  or  other  law  or  regulation  that  could
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (g)  Actions, Proceedings - promptly after a Responsible
     Officer becomes aware of the commencement  thereof, notice of
     any  action  or  proceeding relating to the  Company  or  any
     Subsidiary in any court or before any Governmental  Authority
     or  arbitration  board or tribunal as to  which  there  is  a
     reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and  that,
     if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have
     a Material Adverse Effect;

          (h)    Management  Reports  --  promptly  upon   receipt
     thereof,   a   copy   of  each  report  (including,   without
     limitation, management letters) submitted to the  Company  or
     any  Subsidiary by independent accountants in connection with
     any annual audit made by them of the books of the Company  or
     any  Subsidiary or special audit by them of the books of  the
     Company;

          (i)    Amendments  to  Credit  Facility  and  2000  Note
     Agreements   --   promptly,   copies   of   any   amendments,
     modifications  or supplements to any agreement or  instrument
     evidencing  or governing the Credit Facility, the  2000  Note
     Agreements or any agreement or instrument related thereto;

          (j)   Annual  Business Plan and Budgets -- at  least  30
     days  prior  to the end of each fiscal year of  the  Company,
     beginning  with the fiscal year ending December 31,  2003,  a
     projected profit and loss statement of the Obligors and their
     Subsidiaries  on  a consolidated basis for the  next   fiscal
     year;

          (k)   Information  Provided to Lenders  -  at  any  time
     during  the existence of any "Default" or "Event of  Default"
     under and as defined in agreement or instrument evidencing or
     governing the Credit Facility or the 2000 Note Agreements, or
     during  the  existence of any Default or  Event  of  Default,
     promptly  upon  their  becoming  available,  copies  of   any
     statement,  report, notice or certificate  furnished  to  the
     Lenders  or  any  agent  for  the Lenders  under  the  Credit
     Facility, or to the holders of the 2000 Senior Notes  to  the
     extent that the information contained therein has not already
     been delivered to each holder of Notes; and

           (l)   Notices provided to Noteholders and Lenders.   At
     the  time of delivery to the holders of the 2000 Senior Notes
     pursuant  to the 2000 Note Agreements, copies of  any  notice
     provided  to  such holders (including without limitation  any
     notice  required  pursuant to Section 8.3 of  the  2000  Note
     Agreements)  pursuant  to the 2000 Note  Agreements,  to  the
     extent any such notice has not already been delivered to  the
     Purchasers pursuant to the terms hereof or otherwise, and  at
     the  time  of  delivery to the lenders providing  the  Credit
     Facility  pursuant  to the Credit Documents,  copies  of  any
     notice  provided  to  such lenders  pursuant  to  the  Credit
     Documents,

          (m)     Requested   Information   --   with   reasonable
     promptness, such other data and information relating  to  the
     business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or
     properties  of  the  Company or any of  its  Subsidiaries  or
     relating  to  the  ability  of the  Company  to  perform  its
     obligations  hereunder and under the Notes as  from  time  to
     time may be reasonably requested by any such holder of Notes,
     including, without limitation, any information regarding  the
     Company  required to satisfy the requirements  of  17  C.F.R.
     230.144A,  as  amended from time to time, in connection  with
     any contemplated transfer of the Notes.

     7.2. Officer's/Accountant's Certificate.

          (a)   Officer's  Certificate.   Each  set  of  financial
     statements delivered to a holder of Notes pursuant to Section
     7.1(a)   or  Section  7.1(b)  shall  be  accompanied   by   a
     certificate of a Senior Financial Officer setting forth:

               (i)    Covenant   Compliance  --  the   information
          (including detailed calculations) required in  order  to
          establish whether the Company was in compliance with the
          requirements  of Sections 10.1 through 10.6,  inclusive,
          and  Section 10.9, during the quarterly or annual period
          covered   by   the   statements  then  being   furnished
          (including  with  respect to each  such  Section,  where
          applicable, the calculations of the maximum  or  minimum
          amount,  ratio  or  percentage,  as  the  case  may  be,
          permissible  under the terms of such Sections,  and  the
          calculation of the amount, ratio or percentage  then  in
          existence); and

               (ii)  Event  of  Default -- a statement  that  such
          officer  has reviewed the relevant terms hereof and  has
          made,   or  caused  to  be  made,  under  his   or   her
          supervision, a review of the transactions and conditions
          of  the  Company and its Subsidiaries from the beginning
          of  the  quarterly  or  annual  period  covered  by  the
          statements  then  being furnished to  the  date  of  the
          certificate  and  that  such  review  shall   not   have
          disclosed  the  existence  during  such  period  of  any
          condition  or  event that constitutes a  Default  or  an
          Event  of  Default  or, if any such condition  or  event
          existed  or  exists (including, without limitation,  any
          such  event  or condition resulting from the failure  of
          the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary  to  comply  with  any
          Environmental Law), specifying the nature and period  of
          existence thereof and what action the Company shall have
          taken or proposes to take with respect thereto; and

               (iii)      Subsidiaries  - a list  of  all  of  the
          Company's  Subsidiaries on the date  of  such  financial
          statements, specifying as to each whether it  is  (A)  a
          Domestic  Subsidiary  or Foreign Subsidiary  and  (B)  a
          Material Subsidiary.

          (b)    Accountant's  Certificate.   Together  with  each
     delivery of financial statements required by Section  7.1(b),
     the   Company  will  deliver  to  each  holder  of  Notes   a
     certificate  of  the  accountants preparing  such  statements
     stating that, in making the audit necessary for their  report
     on such financial statements, they have obtained no knowledge
     of any Event of Default or Default, or, if they have obtained
     knowledge of any Event of Default or Default, specifying  the
     nature  and  period of existence thereof.  Such  accountants,
     however,  shall  not be liable to anyone for any  failure  to
     obtain  knowledge of any Event of Default or  Default  unless
     such  accountants (i) should have obtained knowledge  thereof
     in  the  course  of  an audit conducted  in  accordance  with
     generally accepted auditing standards or (ii) did not conduct
     such an audit.

     7.3. Inspection.

      The  Company shall permit the representatives of each holder
of Notes that is an Institutional Investor:

          (a)   No  Default -- if no Default or Event  of  Default
     then   exists,  at  the  expense  of  such  holder  and  upon
     reasonable  prior  notice  to  the  Company,  to  visit   the
     principal  executive office of the Company,  to  discuss  the
     affairs,  finances  and  accounts  of  the  Company  and  its
     Subsidiaries  with  the  Company's officers,  and  (with  the
     consent   of   the  Company,  which  consent  will   not   be
     unreasonably  withheld) its independent  public  accountants,
     and  (with the consent of the Company, which consent will not
     be  unreasonably  withheld) to visit the  other  offices  and
     properties  of the Company and each Subsidiary, all  at  such
     reasonable  times  as may be reasonably requested in  writing
     (but  in  any event no more frequently than once  per  fiscal
     quarter); and

          (b)   Default  -- if a Default or Event of Default  then
     exists,  at  the expense of the Company to visit and  inspect
     any  of  the  offices  or properties of the  Company  or  any
     Subsidiary, to examine all their respective books of account,
     records,  reports  and  other  papers,  to  make  copies  and
     extracts  therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs,
     finances  and  accounts  with their respective  officers  and
     independent  public  accountants (and by this  provision  the
     Company  authorizes said accountants to discuss the  affairs,
     finances  and  accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries),
     all at such times and as often as may be requested.

8.   PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES

     8.1. Required Principal Payments.

      Until the Notes are paid in full, the Company shall apply to
the  payment of the Notes, at par and without payment of the Make-
Whole Amount, the sum of  $14,285,714.29 (or such lesser principal
amount  of the Notes as shall then be outstanding) on July  25  in
each  of  the years 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012  and  2013,
together  with  interest accrued thereon to the date  of  payment;
provided  that upon any partial payment of the Notes  pursuant  to
Section 8.2 the principal amount of each required payment  of  the
Notes becoming due under this Section 8.1 on and after the date of
such  payment  shall  be  reduced in the same  proportion  as  the
aggregate  unpaid principal amount of the Notes is  reduced  as  a
result of such payment.

     8.2. Optional Prepayments with Make-Whole Amount

      The  Company  may,  at its option, upon notice  as  provided
below,  prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part  of,
the  Notes,  in multiples of $1,000,000 in the case of  a  partial
prepayment, at 100% of the principal amount so prepaid,  plus  the
Make-Whole Amount determined for the prepayment date with  respect
to  such  principal amount.  The Company will give each holder  of
Notes  written  notice  of  each optional  prepayment  under  this
Section 8.2 not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days  prior
to  the  date  fixed for such prepayment.  Each such notice  shall
specify such date, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes  to
be prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each Note held by
such  holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with  Section
8.4),  and  the  interest to be paid on the prepayment  date  with
respect  to  such  principal amount being prepaid,  and  shall  be
accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer  as  to
the  estimated  Make-Whole  Amount due  in  connection  with  such
prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date
of the prepayment), setting forth the details of such computation.
Two  Business  Days  prior to such prepayment, the  Company  shall
deliver  to  each  holder  of  Notes a  certificate  of  a  Senior
Financial  Officer specifying the calculation of  such  Make-Whole
Amount as of the specified prepayment date.

     8.3. Change in Control.

          (a)   Notice of Change in Control or Control Event.  The
     Company  will,  prior  to the occurrence  of  any  Change  in
     Control or Control Event, if possible, but in no event  later
     than the date of such occurrence, give written notice of such
     Change  in  Control or Control Event (including a description
     of  the terms thereof in sufficient detail to enable a holder
     of  Notes  to evaluate the merits thereof) to each holder  of
     Notes unless notice in respect of such Change in Control  (or
     the  Change  in  Control contemplated by such Control  Event)
     shall  have  been  given pursuant to Section  8.3(b).   If  a
     Change in Control has occurred, such notice shall contain and
     constitute  an offer to prepay Notes as described in  Section
     8.3(c)  and shall be accompanied by the certificate described
     in Section 8.3(f).

          (b)   Condition to Company Action.  The Company will not
     take  any  action that consummates or finalizes a  Change  in
     Control unless at least 30 days prior to such action it shall
     have  given to each holder of Notes written notice (including
     a  description  of  the terms of such Change  in  Control  in
     sufficient detail to enable a holder of Notes to evaluate the
     merits  thereof)  containing and  constituting  an  offer  to
     prepay  Notes as described in Section 8.3(c), accompanied  by
     the certificate described in Section 8.3(f).

          (c)   Offer to Prepay Notes.  The offer to prepay  Notes
     contemplated by Section 8.3(a) and Section 8.3(b) shall be an
     offer  to  prepay,  in accordance with and  subject  to  this
     Section  8.3, all, but not less than all, the Notes  held  by
     each  holder (in this case only, "holder" in respect  of  any
     Note  registered  in the name of a nominee  for  a  disclosed
     beneficial  owner shall mean such beneficial  owner)  on  the
     date of the Change in Control referred to in such Sections or
     on any other day within 60 days thereafter.

          (d)  Acceptance.  A holder of Notes may accept the offer
     to  prepay  made pursuant to this Section 8.3  by  causing  a
     notice  of such acceptance to be delivered to the Company  at
     any   time  within  60  days  following  the  later  of   (x)
     consummation  of  a  Change in Control or (y)  such  holder's
     receipt  of  the Company's notice thereof.  A  failure  by  a
     holder  of  Notes  to  respond to an  offer  to  prepay  made
     pursuant to this Section 8.3 shall be deemed to constitute an
     acceptance of such offer by such holder on such 60th day.

          (e)   Prepayment.  Prepayment of the Notes of any holder
     to  be prepaid pursuant to this Section 8.3 shall be at  101%
     of the principal amount of such Notes, together with interest
     on  such  Notes  accrued  to the  date  of  prepayment.   The
     prepayment  shall  be made on the date the  Company  receives
     notice  of  acceptance  of  its prepayment  offer  from  such
     holder.

          (f)   Officer's Certificate.  Each offer to  prepay  the
     Notes pursuant to this Section 8.3 shall be accompanied by  a
     certificate,  executed by a Senior Financial Officer  of  the
     Company and dated the date of such offer, specifying:

               (i)   the  expected  date of  consummation  of  the
          Change in Control;

               (ii)  that  such  offer is made  pursuant  to  this
          Section 8.3;

               (iii)     the principal amount of each Note offered
          to be prepaid;

               (iv)  the  last date upon which the  offer  can  be
          accepted or rejected, and setting forth the consequences
          of  failing  to  provide an acceptance or rejection,  as
          provided in Section 8.3(d);

               (v)   that such prepayment shall be at 101% of  the
          principal  amount  of such Notes being prepaid,  setting
          forth the details of such computation;

               (vi)  the  interest that would be due on each  Note
          offered   to  be  prepaid,  accrued  to  the   date   of
          prepayment;

               (vii)      that the conditions of this Section  8.3
          have been fulfilled; and

                (viii)   in reasonable detail, the nature and date
          or proposed date of the Change in Control.

     8.4. Allocation of Partial Prepayments.

     In the case of each required payment of the Notes pursuant to
Section  8.1  and  in the case of each partial prepayment  of  the
Notes  pursuant to Section 8.2, the principal amount of the  Notes
to  be paid shall be allocated among all of the Notes at the  time
outstanding  in  proportion,  as nearly  as  practicable,  to  the
respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not theretofore called
for payment.

     8.5. Maturity; Surrender, etc.

      In  the  case of each prepayment of Notes pursuant  to  this
Section  8  (except as provided in Section 8.3(f)), the  principal
amount of each Note to be prepaid shall mature and become due  and
payable  on  the  date  fixed for such prepayment,  together  with
interest  on  such principal amount accrued to such date  and  the
applicable  Make-Whole Amount, if any.  From and after such  date,
unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so
due and payable, together with the interest and Make-Whole Amount,
if  any,  as  aforesaid, interest on such principal  amount  shall
cease  to  accrue.   Any Note paid or prepaid  in  full  shall  be
surrendered  to  the  Company  and  cancelled  and  shall  not  be
reissued,  and  no  Note shall be issued in lieu  of  any  prepaid
principal amount of any Note.

     8.6. No Other Optional Prepayments or Purchase of Notes.

      The  Company will not and will not permit any Affiliate  to,
purchase,  redeem,  prepay  or  otherwise  acquire,  directly   or
indirectly,  any of the outstanding Notes except upon the  payment
or  prepayment of the Notes in accordance with the terms  of  this
Section 8.  The Company will promptly cancel all Notes acquired by
it  or  any  Affiliate  pursuant to  any  payment,  prepayment  or
purchase of Notes pursuant to any provision of this Section 8  and
no  Notes  may be issued in substitution or exchange for any  such
Notes.

     8.7. Make-Whole Amount.

     The term "Make-Whole Amount" means, with respect to any Note,
an  amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted Value of
the  Remaining  Scheduled  Payments with  respect  to  the  Called
Principal  of such Note over the amount of such Called  Principal,
provided  that the Make-Whole Amount may in no event be less  than
zero.  For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount,  the
following terms have the following meanings:

           "Called Principal" means, with respect to any Note, the
     principal  of  such  Note that is to be prepaid  pursuant  to
     Section  8.2  or has become or is declared to be  immediately
     due  and  payable pursuant to Section 12.1,  as  the  context
     requires.

           "Discounted  Value" means, with respect to  the  Called
     Principal of any Note, the amount obtained by discounting all
     Remaining  Scheduled  Payments with respect  to  such  Called
     Principal  from their respective scheduled due dates  to  the
     Settlement  Date  with respect to such Called  Principal,  in
     accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount
     factor  (applied on the same periodic basis as that on  which
     interest  on  the Notes is payable) equal to the Reinvestment
     Yield with respect to such Called Principal.

           "Reinvestment Yield" means, with respect to the  Called
     Principal  of  any  Note, 0.50% over the  yield  to  maturity
     implied  by (a) the yields reported for actively traded  U.S.
     Treasury  securities having a maturity equal to the Remaining
     Average  Life of such Called Principal as of such  Settlement
     Date,  as  of 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on  the  second
     Business  Day preceding the Settlement Date with  respect  to
     such Called Principal, on the Treasury Yield Monitor page  of
     Standard  &  Poor's  MMS ? Treasury Market  Insight  (or,  if
     Standard & Poor's shall cease to report such yields in MMS  ?
     Treasury  Market  Insight or shall  cease  to  be  Prudential
     Capital   Group's   customary  source  of   information   for
     calculating  yield-maintenance amounts  on  privately  placed
     notes, then such source as is then Prudential Capital Group's
     customary  source of information) or (b) if such  yields  are
     not  reported  as of such time or the yields reported  as  of
     such  time  are  not  ascertainable,  the  Treasury  Constant
     Maturity Series Yields reported, for the latest day for which
     such  yields have been so reported as of the second  Business
     Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called
     Principal, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15  (519)
     (or any comparable successor publication) for actively traded
     U.S. Treasury securities having a constant maturity equal  to
     the  Remaining  Average Life of such Called Principal  as  of
     such Settlement Date.  Such implied yield will be determined,
     if necessary, by (x) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations
     to   bond-equivalent  yields  in  accordance  with   accepted
     financial practice and (y) interpolating linearly between (1)
     the  actively traded U.S. Treasury security with the duration
     closest  to and greater than the Remaining Average  Life  and
     (2)  the  actively  traded U.S. Treasury  security  with  the
     duration closest to and less than the Remaining Average Life.
     The Reinvestment Yield will be rounded to the same number  of
     decimal places as appears in the interest rate on the Notes.

           "Remaining  Average Life"  means, with respect  to  any
     Called  Principal,  the number of years  (calculated  to  the
     nearest  one-twelfth  year) obtained  by  dividing  (a)  such
     Called Principal into (b) the sum of the products obtained by
     multiplying  (i)  the principal component of  each  Remaining
     Scheduled  Payment with respect to such Called  Principal  by
     (ii)  the  number  of years (calculated to the  nearest  one-
     twelfth  year)  that will elapse between the Settlement  Date
     with  respect to such Called Principal and the scheduled  due
     date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment.

           "Remaining Scheduled Payments" means, with  respect  to
     the Called Principal of any Note, all payments of such Called
     Principal  and interest thereon that would be due  after  the
     Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal  if  no
     payment  of  such  Called Principal were made  prior  to  its
     scheduled due date, provided that if such Settlement Date  is
     not  a  date  on which interest payments are due to  be  made
     under  the  terms of the Notes, then the amount of  the  next
     succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by  the
     amount  of  interest  accrued to  such  Settlement  Date  and
     required  to  be  paid on such Settlement  Date  pursuant  to
     Section 8.2 or Section 12.1.

           "Settlement  Date" means, with respect  to  the  Called
     Principal  of  any  Note,  the  date  on  which  such  Called
     Principal  is to be prepaid pursuant to Section  8.2  or  has
     become  or  is  declared to be immediately  due  and  payable
     pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires.

9.   AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.

      The  Company covenants that so long as any of the Notes  are
outstanding:

     9.1. Compliance with Law.

      The Company will and will cause each of its Subsidiaries  to
comply  with  all  laws,  ordinances  or  governmental  rules   or
regulations  to which each of them is subject, including,  without
limitation,  Environmental Laws, and will obtain and  maintain  in
effect  all licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and  other
governmental  authorizations necessary to the ownership  of  their
respective  properties  or  to  the conduct  of  their  respective
businesses,  in each case to the extent necessary to  ensure  that
non-compliance with such laws, ordinances or governmental rules or
regulations  or  failures  to obtain or maintain  in  effect  such
licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental
authorizations  could  not,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     9.2. Insurance.

      The Company will and will cause each of its Subsidiaries  to
maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance
with respect to their respective properties and businesses against
such  casualties and contingencies, of such types, on  such  terms
and  in such amounts (including deductibles, coinsurance and self-
insurance,  if  adequate  reserves  are  maintained  with  respect
thereto)  as  is customary in the case of entities of  established
reputations  engaged  in  the  same  or  a  similar  business  and
similarly situated.

     9.3. Maintenance of Properties.

      The Company will and will cause each of its Subsidiaries  to
maintain  and  keep,  or cause to be maintained  and  kept,  their
respective properties in good repair, working order and  condition
(other  than ordinary wear and tear), so that the business carried
on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times,
provided  that this Section shall not prevent the Company  or  any
Subsidiary from discontinuing the operation and the maintenance of
any  of its properties if such discontinuance is desirable in  the
conduct  of its business and the Company has concluded  that  such
discontinuance  could  not,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     9.4. Payment of Taxes and Claims.

      The Company will and will cause each of its Subsidiaries  to
file all tax returns required to be filed in any jurisdiction  and
to pay and discharge all taxes shown to be due and payable on such
returns and all other taxes, assessments, governmental charges, or
levies  imposed on them or any of their properties, assets, income
or  franchises,  to  the extent such taxes  and  assessments  have
become due and payable and before they have become delinquent  and
all claims for which sums have become due and payable that have or
might become a Lien on properties or assets of the Company or  any
Subsidiary,  provided that neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary
need  pay any such tax or assessment or claims if (a) the  amount,
applicability or validity thereof is contested by the  Company  or
such Subsidiary on a timely basis in good faith and in appropriate
proceedings,  and  the  Company or a  Subsidiary  has  established
adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP on the books of
the  Company or such Subsidiary or (b) the nonpayment of all  such
taxes,   assessments  and  claims  in  the  aggregate  could   not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     9.5. Corporate Existence, etc.

      Subject  to Sections 10.8 and 10.9, the Company will at  all
times  preserve  and keep in full force and effect  its  corporate
existence.   Subject  to Sections 10.8 and 10.9, the Company  will
at  all  times  preserve and keep in full  force  and  effect  the
corporate  existence  of each of its Subsidiaries  (unless  merged
into the Company or a Subsidiary) and all rights and franchises of
the  Company  and  its  Subsidiaries unless,  in  the  good  faith
judgment of the Company, the termination of or failure to preserve
and  keep in full force and effect such corporate existence, right
or  franchise could not, individually or in the aggregate, have  a
Material Adverse Effect.

     9.6. Covenant to Secure Notes Equally.

      The  Company  covenants that, if it or any Subsidiary  shall
create  or  assume  any Lien upon any of its property  or  assets,
whether  now  owned  or  hereafter  acquired,  other  than   Liens
permitted by the provisions of Section 10.6 (unless prior  written
consent  to  the  creation or assumption thereof shall  have  been
obtained  pursuant to Section 17.1), it will make or cause  to  be
made effective provision whereby the Notes will be secured by such
Lien  equally  and  ratably with any and all  other  Debt  thereby
secured  so  long  as  any such other Debt shall  be  so  secured.
However, the compliance by the Company with this Section 9.6 shall
not  constitute  a  waiver  of, or  cure  for,  any  violation  of
Section 10.6.

     9.7  Covenant Relating to Additional Subsidiaries.
     At  the  time any Person becomes a Subsidiary of an  Obligor,
the  Company shall so notify the holders of the Notes and promptly
thereafter  (but  in  any  event within 30  days  after  the  date
thereof) shall cause such Person to:

          (a)  if it is a Domestic Subsidiary, become a party to

               (i)  the  Subsidiary Guarantee,  by  executing  and
          delivering   a   subsidiary   guarantee   agreement   in
          substantially the form of Exhibit 4.11(a), and

                 (ii)     the Contribution Agreement, by executing
          a  contribution agreement in substantially the  form  of
          Exhibit 4.11(b);

          (b)   cause all of the Capital Stock of such Person  (if
     it  is a Domestic Subsidiary) or 65% of the Capital Stock  of
     such Person (if it is a First Tier Foreign Subsidiary) to  be
     delivered  to  the  Collateral Agent (together  with  undated
     stock  powers signed in blank) and pledged to the  Collateral
     Agent  pursuant to a joinder to the existing Pledge Agreement
     in substantially the form of Exhibit 9.7;

          (c)  if such Person is a Domestic Subsidiary and has any
     Subsidiaries,

               (i)   deliver  all  of the Capital  Stock  of  such
          Domestic Subsidiaries owned by it and 65% of the Capital
          Stock of the First Tier Foreign Subsidiaries owned by it
          (together with undated stock powers signed in blank)  to
          the Collateral Agent, and

               (ii)  execute  a  joinder to  the  existing  Pledge
          Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit 9.7;

          (d)   deliver such other documentation as the Collateral
     Agent   may  reasonably  request  in  connection   with   the
     foregoing,  including, without limitation,  appropriate,  UCC
     financing   statements,  certified  resolutions   and   other
     organizational and authorizing documents of such  Person  and
     favorable  opinions  of counsel to such Person  (which  shall
     cover,  among  other things, the legality, validity,  binding
     effect  and  enforceability of the documentation referred  to
     above),   all   in   form,  content  and   scope   reasonably
     satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;

          (e)   provide to the Collateral Agent, if applicable,  a
     new  Schedule 2(a) to the appropriate Pledge Agreement  which
     shall  reflect the pledge of the Capital Stock  of  such  new
     Subsidiary; and

          (f)   provide to the holders of the Notes a new Schedule
     5.4  which shall reflect the information regarding  such  new
     Subsidiary required by Section 5.4.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Default or  Event  of
Default shall then exist, and

          (A)   all  of  the  obligations of the Company  and  its
     Subsidiaries in respect of the Credit Facility, together with
     any  and  all extensions, renewals or refundings of any  such
     obligations, shall have been indefeasibly satisfied  in  full
     in cash, or

          (B)  the holders of all such obligations have released

               (i) any and all of the Collateral from the Lien  of
          any Pledge Agreement and

               (ii)  any  and  all Guaranties of such  obligations
          given by any Subsidiary,

in a manner and pursuant to documentation which, in the reasonable
opinion  of  the holders of all of the Notes, fully releases  such
Collateral as security for all such obligations and fully releases
all   such  Guaranties,  then  (subject  to  the  next  succeeding
sentence) each of the holders of the Notes shall thereupon release
such  Collateral from the Lien of such Pledge Agreement  and  such
Guaranties so long as no holder of any Debt of the Company or  its
Subsidiaries shall have been, or shall at any time be,

          (x)  given a pledge of or granted a security interest in
     any Capital Stock of a Subsidiary, or

          (y)  given a Guaranty of such Debt by any Subsidiary.

If  at  any  time after such releases, any holder of Debt  of  the
Company or its Subsidiaries shall be,

          (1)  given a pledge of or granted a security interest in
     any Capital Stock of a Subsidiary, or

          (2)  given a Guaranty of such Debt by any Subsidiary,

then

          (Y)   in  the  case of clause (1) above, the pledgor  or
     grantor   with   respect   to  such   Capital   Stock   shall
     contemporaneously execute and deliver, to each of the holders
     of  the  Notes,  a  pledge agreement,  joinder  agreement  or
     amendment to a Pledge Agreement, and take all further  action
     (including,   without   limitation,   delivery    of    stock
     certificates,  if any, and undated stock powers  executed  in
     blank)  that is necessary or that otherwise may be reasonably
     requested  by the Required Holders, in order to grant  to  or
     for the equal and ratable benefit of the holders of the Notes
     and  such holder or holders of Debt (subject to intercreditor
     terms  among such parties that shall be no less favorable  to
     the holders of the Notes than the Intercreditor Agreement), a
     perfected security interest in all such Stock pledged by such
     Person,   together  with  a  certificate  of  such   Person's
     Secretary  or another responsible officer, and an opinion  of
     counsel   to   such  Person,  regarding  the   authorization,
     execution and delivery of such documents and instruments, and
     their enforceability, which certificate and opinion shall  be
     reasonably  satisfactory  in all  respects  to  the  Required
     Holders, and

          (Z)   in  the  case of clause (2) above, such Subsidiary
     shall  contemporaneously execute and deliver, to each of  the
     holders  of the Notes, a duly authorized Subsidiary Guarantee
     substantially  in the form of Exhibit 4.11(a), a  certificate
     of such Subsidiary's secretary or another responsible officer
     certifying  such  Subsidiary's  constitutive  documents   and
     relevant  resolutions,  and an opinion  of  counsel  to  such
     Person regarding the authorization, execution and delivery of
     such  Subsidiary  Guarantee, and  its  enforceability,  which
     opinion shall be satisfactory in all respects to the Required
     Holders.

     9.8  Ownership of Subsidiary Guarantors.

      The  Company  shall  maintain, directly or  indirectly,  its
percentage  of  ownership existing as of the date  hereof  of  all
Material Subsidiaries that are parties to the Subsidiary Guarantee
on  the  date  of  Closing.  The Company shall  not  decrease  its
collective  direct  or  indirect  ownership  percentage  in   each
Material  Subsidiary  that  becomes  a  party  to  the  Subsidiary
Guarantee  after the date of Closing, as such ownership exists  at
the  time such Subsidiary becomes such a party; provided, however,
that  this  Section 9.8 shall not prohibit any of the transactions
described in paragraphs (a) or (b) of Section 10.8.

     9.9  Pari Passu Ranking.

      To the extent that proceeds from the Collateral would not at
any time be sufficient to satisfy in full all obligations owing in
respect  of  the Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantee at such  time,
the  portion  of such obligations which would not be so  satisfied
shall  rank pari passu, without preference or priority,  with  all
other  outstanding, unsecured, unsubordinated obligations  of  the
Company  and  the  Subsidiary Guarantors (as  the  case  may  be),
present   and  future,  that  have  not  been  accorded   by   law
preferential  rights.  Without limitation of  the  foregoing,  all
obligations of the Company and the Subsidiaries owing  in  respect
of  this  Agreement, the Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantee  shall
rank  pari  passu,  without  preference  or  priority,  with   all
obligations of the Company and the Subsidiaries owing  in  respect
of  the  Credit  Facility and all Guaranties of  such  obligations
executed by any Subsidiaries in connection therewith.

     9.10 Collateral.

          (a)   If,  subsequent to the date of Closing, an Obligor
     shall  acquire any Capital Stock required to be delivered  to
     the Collateral Agent as Collateral hereunder or under any  of
     the  Collateral  Documents,  the  Company  shall  immediately
     notify  the holders of the Notes and the Collateral Agent  of
     same.

          (b)  Each Obligor shall (within 30 days of such request)
     take  such  action, as reasonably requested by the Collateral
     Agent  and  at  its own expense, to ensure that  the  Secured
     Parties have a perfected Lien in all Collateral of the Credit
     Parties  as  set forth in the Pledge Agreement  (whether  now
     owned or hereafter acquired), subject only to Liens permitted
     under  Section  10.6.  Such actions to  be  required  by  the
     Collateral  Agent  may  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,
     delivery  of Capital Stock, stock powers or other appropriate
     assignments  in  blank, UCC financing  statements  and  legal
     opinions with respect thereto, which shall be satisfactory in
     all respects to the Required Holders.

     9.11 Modification of Indebtedness.

     The  Company  hereby  acknowledges and  agrees  that  if  the
Company  or any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any agreement
or amendment with any lender or noteholder that amends or modifies
(or  permit  the  amendment or modification of)  any  Indebtedness
(other  than with respect to (i) Indebtedness arising  under  this
Note  Agreement  and  the  other  Financing  Documents,  (ii)  any
Indebtedness  owing from one Credit Party to another Credit  Party
and  (iii)  other  Indebtedness outstanding  or  committed  in  an
aggregate  amount  less than $2,000,000)  to  add  or  change  any
Financial  Covenants in a manner adverse to  the  issuer  of  such
Indebtedness, then, and in each and any such event, the  terms  of
this Agreement shall be and shall be deemed to be, notwithstanding
Section  17.1 and without any further action on the  part  of  the
Company,  any  of  its  Subsidiaries or  any  other  Person  being
necessary or required, amended to afford the holders of the  Notes
the  same  benefits  and rights as such agreements  or  amendments
provide to any such other lender (such deemed amendment may be the
addition  of  one  or  more new covenants or  defaults  addressing
matters  not  addressed by the existing covenants or defaults  set
forth  herein, as well as modifications to such existing covenants
or   defaults   that   are  more  favorable   to   such   lender).
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing, such deemed  amendment  shall  be
rescinded  (i) retroactively to the date of effectiveness  thereof
if  the  Required  Holders  object thereto  in  a  written  notice
delivered  to  the  Company at any time within the  30-day  period
immediately following receipt by all holders of the Notes  of  the
agreement   or  amendment  referred  to  in  the  next  succeeding
sentence;  provided, however, that the Company shall be deemed  to
be in compliance with this Section 9.11 if the Required Holders do
so  object  and  (ii) upon payment in full of the Indebtedness  so
amended  or  modified in a manner adverse to the Company  and  its
Subsidiaries,  unless  such Indebtedness is refinanced,  in  which
case  the  terms, conditions and covenants of the new Indebtedness
shall  be  deemed  an amendment or modification  to  the  original
Indebtedness  for purposes of this Section 9.11. The Company  will
promptly  deliver  to each holder of Notes a  copy  of  each  such
agreement  or  amendment  entered  into  after  the  date  hereof.
Without  limiting the effectiveness of the first sentence of  this
Section  9.11, the Company agrees, no later than 30 days following
the  date  of  such  agreement or amendment, to  enter  into  such
documentation  as the Required Holders may reasonably  request  to
evidence  the amendments provided for in this Section  9.11.   For
purposes  of  this  Section 9.11, the term  "Financial  Covenants"
means any covenant (or substantially equivalent default provision)
which  requires  the  Company or its  Subsidiaries  to  attain  or
maintain  a  prescribed level of financial condition or  financial
achievement,  or  prohibits the Company or its  Subsidiaries  from
taking specified actions (such as incurring Indebtedness or making
Restricted Payments) unless it will be in compliance with  such  a
prescribed   level  immediately  thereafter,  including,   without
limitation, covenants of the type contained in Section 10 of  this
Agreement.


10.  NEGATIVE COVENANTS.

      The  Company covenants that so long as any of the Notes  are
outstanding:

     10.1.     Consolidated Net Worth.

     The  Company  will not, at any time, permit Consolidated  Net
Worth to be less than the sum of:

          (a)  $299,554,000; plus

          (b)  for each fiscal quarter of the Company ended at  or
     prior  to such time, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending
     October 1, 2003, the greater of

               (i)  50% of Net Income, and

               (ii) Zero dollars; plus

           (c)   an amount equal to 100% of the proceeds from  any
Equity Issuance.

     10.2.     Leverage Ratio.

      The  Company shall not permit the Leverage Ratio, determined
as  of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company ending in
either period specified below, to be greater than 2.50:1.00.

     10.3.     Priority Debt.

      The Company shall not, as of the end of each fiscal quarter,
permit the aggregate outstanding amount of Priority Debt to exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Worth at such time.

     10.4.     Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.

     The Company shall not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio,
as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, to be
less than 2.25 to 1.00; provided, however, that if scheduled
principal payments are due and payable with respect to both the
Notes and the 2000 Senior Notes during the four fiscal quarter
period of the Company included in any calculation of the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio, the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
required by this Section 10.4 as of the last day of such four
fiscal quarter period shall be 2.00:1.00.

     10.5.     Restricted Payments and Restricted Investments.

     The Company will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, declare, make or incur any liability to declare
or make any Restricted Payment or any Restricted Investment
unless, immediately prior, and immediately after giving effect, to
the making of such Restricted Payment or Restricted Investment, no
Default or Event of Default would exist and, with respect to
Restricted Payments, immediately after giving effect to such
action, the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payments of the
Company and its Subsidiaries declared or made during the period
commencing on July 3, 2003, and ending on the date such Restricted
Payment is declared or made, inclusive, would not exceed the sum
of:

          (a)  $11,049,500, plus

          (b)  50% of Net Income for such period (or minus 100% of
     Net Income for such period if Net Income for such period is a
     loss), plus

          (c)  the aggregate amount of net proceeds arising from sales
     of the Company's Capital Stock during such period, plus

          (d)  the Carryforward Restricted Payment Basket.

     10.6.     Liens

      The  Company shall not, and shall not permit any  Subsidiary
to,  create,  assume or suffer to exist (upon the happening  of  a
contingency  or  otherwise) any Lien upon any  of  its  respective
property  or  assets,  whether now owned  or  hereafter  acquired,
except:

          (a)   Liens  existing  on the date of  the  Closing  and
     described  on  Schedule  5.15 securing  Debt  outstanding  at
     Closing  in  an  aggregate  principal  or  face  amount   not
     exceeding $800,000;

          (b)   Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental
     charges  the payment of which is not at the time required  by
     Section 9.4;

          (c)  statutory Liens of landlords and Liens of carriers,
     warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other similar Liens,
     in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business for
     sums  not yet due or the payment of which is not at the  time
     required by Section 9.4;

          (d)   any Lien existing on any fixed asset of any Person
     at  the  time  such Person is acquired by the  Company  or  a
     Subsidiary  or  is merged or consolidated with  or  into  the
     Company  or  a Subsidiary and, in each case, not  created  in
     contemplation of such event;

          (e)   any Lien created to secure all or any part of  the
     purchase price, or to secure Debt incurred or assumed to  pay
     all   or   any  part  of  the  purchase  price  or  cost   of
     construction,  of  fixed assets (or any improvement  thereon)
     acquired or constructed by the Company or a Subsidiary  after
     the date of the Closing, provided that:

               (i)   any such Lien shall extend solely to the item
          or  items  of such property (or improvement thereon)  so
          acquired or constructed and, if required by the terms of
          the  instrument  originally creating  such  Lien,  other
          property   (or   improvement  thereon)   which   is   an
          improvement  to  or  is acquired  for  specific  use  in
          connection  with  such acquired or constructed  property
          (or improvement thereon) or which is real property being
          improved  by  such acquired or constructed property  (or
          improvement thereon, or the proceeds thereof),

               (ii)  the  principal amount of the Debt secured  by
          any such Lien shall at no time exceed an amount equal to
          the  cost  to  the  Company or such  Subsidiary  of  the
          property   (or  improvement  thereon)  so  acquired   or
          constructed, and

               (iii)      any such Lien shall attach or be created
          contemporaneously with, or within 180  days  after,  the
          acquisition or construction of such property;  provided,
          however,  that,  in  the  case of  the  construction  of
          improvements  on real property, the real  property  upon
          which such construction is located may be owned for more
          than 180 days prior to the attachment of such Lien;

          (f)   leases  or subleases granted to others, easements,
     rights-of-way,  restrictions and  other  similar  charges  or
     encumbrances, in each case incidental to, and not interfering
     with, the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company  or
     any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such Liens do not,  in
     the  aggregate,  materially detract from  the  value  of  the
     property  of  the  Company and its Subsidiaries  taken  as  a
     whole;

          (g)   Liens on property or assets of the Company or  any
     of  its Subsidiaries securing Debt owing to the Company or to
     another Subsidiary;

          (h)   any interest or title of a lessor under, and Liens
     arising from Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (or
     equivalent  filings, registrations or agreements  in  foreign
     jurisdictions)  relating to, Operating Leases not  prohibited
     by this Agreement;

          (i)   Liens  consisting  solely of  the  pledge  by  the
     Company  and  its Subsidiaries of the Capital  Stock  of  the
     Subsidiaries of the Company (and proceeds thereof) to  secure
     the Obligations (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement);

          (j)   Liens  not  otherwise  permitted  by  clauses  (a)
     through  (i)  of  this  Section, provided  that,  immediately
     after, and immediately after giving effect to, the incurrence
     of  any Debt secured by any such Lien, Priority Debt will not
     exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Worth; and

          (k)  any Lien arising out of the refinancing, extension,
     renewal  or  refunding of any Debt that is  permitted  to  be
     incurred  hereunder secured by any Lien permitted by  clauses
     (a), (d), (e) and (j) of this Section, provided that (i)  the
     principal  amount  of Debt secured by such  Lien  immediately
     prior to such refinancing, extension, renewal or refunding is
     not increased or the maturity thereof reduced, (ii) such Lien
     is  not  extended  to  any  additional  property,  and  (iii)
     immediately   after   giving  effect  to  such   refinancing,
     extension,  renewal  or refunding, no  Default  or  Event  of
     Default would exist.

A  violation  of  this Section 10.6 will constitute  an  Event  of
Default,  whether or not any provision is made for  an  equal  and
ratable Lien pursuant to Section 9.6.

     10.7.     Transactions with Affiliates.

      The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to,
enter  into  directly or indirectly any transaction  or  group  of
related  transactions (including without limitation the  purchase,
lease, sale or exchange of properties of any kind or the rendering
of  any  service) with any Affiliate (other than such transactions
between  or  among the Company or any Wholly-Owned  Subsidiary  or
between  or  among  Wholly-Owned  Subsidiaries),  except  in   the
ordinary course and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the
Company's  or  such  Subsidiary's  business  and  upon  fair   and
reasonable  terms  no  less  favorable  to  the  Company  or  such
Subsidiary  than would be obtainable in a comparable  arm's-length
transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.

     10.8.     Merger, Consolidation, Sales of Substantially All
Assets.

      The  Company shall not, and shall not permit any  Subsidiary
to, merge, consolidate or exchange shares with any other Person or
sell,  assign, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially  all
of its assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to
any Person, except that:

          (a)   any  Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with  and
     into the Company or with a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary;

          (b)    a   Subsidiary  may  sell  or  transfer  all   or
     substantially all of its assets to the Company or to a Wholly-
     Owned Subsidiary;

          (c)   the Company may sell or transfer substantially all
     of  its assets to one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries  that
     are  Subsidiary Guarantors which, substantially  concurrently
     with  such  sale  or transfer, comply with, or  are  then  in
     compliance  with,  the  provisions  of  Section  9.7  hereof,
     provided  that  no  such Wholly-Owned  Subsidiaries  need  be
     Subsidiary  Guarantors  if, as contemplated  by  Section  9.7
     hereof, no Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor;

          (d)   the  Company and any Subsidiary may sell inventory
     in the ordinary course of business; and

          (e)  the Company may merge or consolidate with any other
     corporation, or sell, assign, convey, transfer or  lease  all
     or  substantially all of the assets of the Company,  so  long
     as:

               (i)   the surviving corporation (or the corporation
          to  which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or
          lease  is made (the "transferee")) shall be the  Company
          or  another corporation organized under the laws of  the
          United  States  or a State thereof or  the  District  of
          Columbia;

               (ii) the surviving (or transferee) corporation  (if
          not  the  Company)  shall assume the  due  and  punctual
          performance  and  observance of the obligations  of  the
          Company  under this Agreement, the Notes and  the  other
          Financing  Documents  pursuant to  such  agreements  and
          instruments as shall be reasonably satisfactory  to  the
          Required  Holders, and the Company shall have caused  to
          be  delivered  to  each holder of Notes  an  opinion  of
          nationally  recognized  counsel,  or  other  independent
          counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders,
          to   the  effect  that  all  agreements  or  instruments
          effecting  such assumption are enforceable in accordance
          with their terms and comply with the terms hereof; and

               (iii)      immediately after giving effect to  such
          merger, consolidation or sale or transfer of assets,  no
          Default  or  Event  of Default shall  have  occurred  or
          exist.

     10.9.     Sales of Assets.

      The  Company  shall not, and shall not  permit  any  of  its
Subsidiaries to, engage in Asset Sales unless:

          (a)   in the case of any Asset Sale having a Disposition
     Value  of $10,000,000 or more, the Board of Directors of  the
     Company  or  such  Subsidiary  (or  the  executive  committee
     thereof),  as the case may be, shall have, in good faith  (i)
     determined that the Asset Sale is in the best interest of the
     Company   or  such  Subsidiary,  (ii)  determined  that   the
     consideration  to be received in connection with  such  Asset
     Sale   is  satisfactory  and  adequate  and  (iii)  otherwise
     approved such Asset Sale;

          (b)  the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be,
     receives consideration at the time of any such Asset Sale  at
     least  equal to the Fair Market Value of the assets  sold  or
     otherwise disposed of;

          (c)   in the case of an Asset Sale constituting the sale
     of  Equity Interests of a Subsidiary (or Subsidiary thereof):
     (i)  all  Equity Interests of such Subsidiary (or  Subsidiary
     thereof) then owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries shall
     be  sold or otherwise disposed of simultaneously and (ii) the
     Subsidiary  (or Subsidiary thereof) that is sold or  disposed
     of  shall not own or hold any Equity Interests or Debt of the
     Company  or any other Subsidiary that is not also then  being
     simultaneously sold or disposed of;

          (d)   the Asset Sale does not constitute the sale  of  a
     Substantial  Amount  of the assets of  the  Company  and  its
     Subsidiaries; and

          (e)   immediately  before and immediately  after  giving
     effect  to  such Asset Sale, no Default or Event  of  Default
     shall exist.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and any Subsidiary  may
engage  in  Asset  Sales constituting the sale  of  a  Substantial
Amount  of the Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries so  long
as  (i) the requirements set forth in clauses (a) through (c)  and
clause  (e)  above  are  satisfied,  (ii)  at  least  80%  of  the
consideration therefor received by the Company or such  Subsidiary
is  in  cash, and (iii) within 365 days after the receipt  by  the
Company  or  such Subsidiary of any Net Proceeds from  such  Asset
Sale,  the Company shall apply, or shall cause such Subsidiary  to
apply,  the  amount of such Net Proceeds in excess of  the  amount
constituting  a  Substantial  Amount,  to  the  acquisition  of  a
controlling interest in another business, the making of a  capital
expenditure or the acquisition of other long-term assets, in  each
case, in the same or a similar line of business as the Company was
engaged in on the date of such Asset Sale.

     10.10.    Nature of Business.

      The  Company  will  not, and will  not  permit  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  to,  engage in any business if, as  a  result,  when
taken  as a whole, the general nature of the business then engaged
in  by  the  Company and its Subsidiaries would  be  substantially
changed from the operation of restaurants.

      10.11.     Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting
Subsidiaries.

      The  Company  shall  not permit any of its  Subsidiaries  to
create  or  otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective
any encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Subsidiary to
(x)(i)  pay  dividends  or  make any other  distributions  to  the
Company  or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to, or on account
of,  its Equity Interests or (ii) pay any Debt owed to the Company
or  any  of  its Subsidiaries, (y) make loans or advances  to  the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (z) transfer or encumber any
of  its  properties  or  assets to  the  Company  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries,   except  for  such  encumbrances  or   restrictions
existing under or by reason of:

          (a)  agreements evidencing Debt as in effect on the date
     of   the  Closing  and  described  on  Schedule  5.15  hereof
     (including, without limitation, the documents evidencing  the
     Credit  Facility)  and  any  agreement  which  evidences  any
     renewal, extension, substitution or refinancing of such  Debt
     so  long  as  the provisions relating to such encumbrance  or
     restriction  contained  in any such  agreement  are  no  more
     restrictive or onerous to the Company or such Subsidiary than
     such  provisions  as  in  existence prior  to  such  renewal,
     extension, substitution or refinancing,

          (b)  agreements evidencing Priority Debt of Subsidiaries
     permitted  to  be incurred under this Agreement  that  impose
     restrictions of the nature described in clause (z) above (but
     not  of  the type or nature described in clauses (x)  or  (y)
     above),

          (c)  applicable law,

          (d)    customary  non-assignment  provisions  in  leases
     entered   into  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business   and
     consistent with past practices,

          (e)  purchase money obligations for property acquired in
     the  ordinary course of business that impose restrictions  of
     the  nature described in clause (z) above on the property  so
     acquired, and

          (f)   an  agreement that has been entered into  for  the
     sale  or  disposition of the Equity Interests or property  or
     assets  of a Subsidiary that is permitted by Section 10.8  or
     10.9.

     10.12.    No Restriction on Amendments or Prepayments.

          (a)   Amendments. The Company shall not enter  into,  or
     otherwise  be  or become a party to or obligated  under,  any
     agreement, document or instrument that includes any  covenant
     or  other  provision  that requires or would  require,  as  a
     condition to the amendment or waiver of any term or provision
     of this Agreement, the approval or consent of any creditor of
     the  Company  (or  of  any agent or trustee  acting  on  such
     creditor's behalf).

          (b)  Prepayments.  The Company shall not enter into,  or
     otherwise  be  or become a party to or obligated  under,  any
     agreement, document or instrument that includes any  covenant
     or  other  provision  that requires or would  require,  as  a
     condition  to the making of any required or optional  payment
     or  prepayment of the Notes pursuant to any of the terms  and
     provisions  of  Section 8, the approval  or  consent  of  any
     creditor of the Company (or of any agent or trustee acting on
     such creditor's behalf).

     10.13.    Capital Expenditures.

      (a)  The Company will not permit Capital Expenditures in any
fiscal  year, commencing with the fiscal year ending December  31,
2003, to exceed the sum of (i) the amount set forth below for  the
relevant  fiscal  year  set  forth  below  (the  "Initial  Capital
Expenditure   Basket")   plus  (ii)   the   Carryforward   Capital
Expenditure Basket:
<table>
               <s>                           <c>
               Fiscal year                        Amount
               2003                          $87,000,000
               2004                          $90,000,000
               2005                          $94,000,000
               2006                          $98,000,000
               2007                          $102,000,000
               2008                          $106,000,000
               2009                          $110,000,000
               2010                          $114,000,000
               2011                          $119,000,000
               2012                          $124,000,000
               2013                          $129,000,000
</table>

      (b)   The term "Unused Capital Expenditure Allowance" means,
for  any  fiscal  year, the amount by which  the  Initial  Capital
Expenditure  Basket  for such fiscal year  exceeds  the  aggregate
amount  of  Capital Expenditures actually made by the Company  and
its  Subsidiaries during such fiscal year.  The term "Carryforward
Capital Expenditure Basket" shall mean the portion, if any, of all
Unused  Capital  Expenditure Allowance allocated  by  the  Company
pursuant  to  subsection  (c) below for  Capital  Expenditures  in
future  fiscal  years.  The term "Carryforward Restricted  Payment
Basket"  shall  mean  the portion, if any, of all  Unused  Capital
Expenditure  Allowance  allocated  by  the  Company  pursuant   to
subsection (c) below for permitted Restricted Payments  in  future
fiscal years.

      (c)  Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
Company,  commencing with 90 days after the  end  of  fiscal  year
2003,  after  or  with  delivery of the audited  annual  financial
statements in respect of the immediately preceding fiscal year  of
the  Company, the Company shall notify the Noteholders of (i)  the
Unused   Capital   Expenditure  Allowance  for  such   immediately
preceding  fiscal year and (ii) the Company's allocation  of  such
Unused  Capital Expenditure Allowance in whole or in part  to  the
Carryforward  Capital Expenditure Basket and/or  the  Carryforward
Restricted  Payment  Basket, whereupon  the  Carryforward  Capital
Expenditure  Basket  and  Carryforward Restricted  Payment  Basket
shall  be  immediately increased by the amounts allocated thereto.
If  the Company fails to deliver such notice to the Noteholders in
the  time required, the Unused Capital Expenditure Allowance shall
be  allocated first to the Carryforward Restricted Payment  Basket
and   then   to  the  Carryforward  Capital  Expenditure   Basket.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  (x)  the  Carryforward   Capital
Expenditure Basket may not be increased in any fiscal year by more
than  $10,000,000, (y) the Carryforward Restricted Payment  Basket
may  not be increased in any fiscal year by more than $25,000,000,
and  (z) no increase in the Carryforward Restricted Payment Basket
shall be permitted if the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures
made  in  the  immediately preceding fiscal  year  was  less  than
$40,000,000.

11.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

      An  "Event  of Default" shall exist if any of the  following
conditions or events shall occur and be continuing:

          (a)   Principal  or Make-Whole Amount   --  the  Company
     defaults  in  the  payment  of any  principal  or  Make-Whole
     Amount,  if  any, on any Note when the same becomes  due  and
     payable,  whether  at  maturity  or  at  a  date  fixed   for
     prepayment or by declaration or otherwise; or

          (b)   Interest  Payment -- the Company defaults  in  the
     payment  of  any  interest on any Note  for  more  than  five
     Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or

          (c)   Specified Covenants -- the Company defaults in the
     performance  of  or  compliance with any  term  contained  in
     Section 10 or Section 7.1(d); or

          (d)   Other  Covenants -- the Company  defaults  in  the
     performance  of or compliance with any term contained  herein
     (other than those referred to in paragraphs (a), (b) and  (c)
     of  this Section 11) and such default is not remedied  within
     30  days  after  the  earlier of (i)  a  Responsible  Officer
     obtaining  actual  knowledge of such  default  and  (ii)  the
     Company  receiving written notice of such  default  from  any
     holder of a Note (any such written notice to be identified as
     a  "notice  of  default" and to refer  specifically  to  this
     paragraph (d) of Section 11); or

          (e)     Warranties    and   Representations    --    any
     representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of
     the  Company  or  by  any  officer of  the  Company  in  this
     Agreement or in any writing furnished in connection with  the
     transactions contemplated hereby proves to have been false or
     incorrect  in any material respect on the date  as  of  which
     made; or

          (f)  Cross-Default -

               (i)   the  Company or any Subsidiary is in  default
          (as  principal or as guarantor or other surety)  in  the
          payment  of  any principal of or premium  or  make-whole
          amount   or  interest  on  any  Indebtedness   that   is
          outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at least
          $5,000,000  beyond  any period of  grace  provided  with
          respect thereto, or

               (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary is in default in
          the  performance of or compliance with any term  of  any
          evidence of any Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding
          principal  amount  of  at least  $5,000,000  or  of  any
          mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating  thereto
          or  any other condition exists, and as a consequence  of
          such  default or condition such Indebtedness has become,
          or  has  been  declared  (or one  or  more  Persons  are
          entitled  to declare such Indebtedness to be),  due  and
          payable  before  its  stated  maturity  or  before   its
          regularly scheduled dates of payment, or

               (iii)      as  a  consequence of the occurrence  or
          continuation of any event or condition (other  than  the
          passage   of  time  or  the  right  of  the  holder   of
          Indebtedness  to convert such Indebtedness  into  equity
          interests),

                    (A)   the Company or any Subsidiary has become
               obligated to purchase or repay Indebtedness  before
               its   regular  maturity  or  before  its  regularly
               scheduled   dates  of  payment  in   an   aggregate
               outstanding   principal   amount   of   at    least
               $5,000,000, or

                    (B)   one  or more Persons have the  right  to
               require  the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary  so   to
               purchase or repay such Indebtedness,

          except  for  the  purchase or repayment of  Indebtedness
          outstanding under the Credit Facility from time to  time
          to  the extent required by Section 3.4(b) thereof as  in
          effect on the date of the Closing; or

          (g)  Insolvency -- the Company or any Subsidiary (i)  is
     generally  not paying, or admits in writing its inability  to
     pay, its debts as they become due, (ii) files, or consents by
     answer  or otherwise to the filing against it of, a  petition
     for  relief  or reorganization or arrangement  or  any  other
     petition  in bankruptcy, for liquidation or to take advantage
     of  any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
     other  similar  law  of  any  jurisdiction,  (iii)  makes  an
     assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) consents to
     the  appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee  or  other
     officer  with  similar  powers with respect  to  it  or  with
     respect  to  any  substantial part of its  property,  (v)  is
     adjudicated as insolvent or to be liquidated, or  (vi)  takes
     corporate action for the purpose of any of the foregoing; or

          (h)    Appointment  of  a  Receiver  --   a   court   or
     governmental  authority of competent jurisdiction  enters  an
     order  appointing, without consent by the Company or  any  of
     its  Subsidiaries, a custodian, receiver,  trustee  or  other
     officer  with  similar  powers with respect  to  it  or  with
     respect   to  any  substantial  part  of  its  property,   or
     constituting an order for relief or approving a petition  for
     relief  or reorganization or any other petition in bankruptcy
     or  for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy or
     insolvency   law  of  any  jurisdiction,  or   ordering   the
     dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the Company or  any
     of  its  Subsidiaries, or any such petition  shall  be  filed
     against  the  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries  and  such
     petition shall not be dismissed within 60 days; or

          (i)  Final Judgment -- a final judgment or judgments for
     the  payment of money aggregating in excess of $5,000,000 are
     rendered  against  one  or  more  of  the  Company  and   its
     Subsidiaries  and  which judgments are not,  within  60  days
     after  entry  thereof, bonded, discharged or  stayed  pending
     appeal or review, or are not discharged within 60 days  after
     the expiration of such stay; or

          (j)   ERISA -- if (i) any Plan shall fail to satisfy the
     minimum  funding standards of ERISA or the Code for any  plan
     year  or  part  thereof  or a waiver  of  such  standards  or
     extension  of  any amortization period is sought  or  granted
     under  section 412 of the Code, (ii) a notice  of  intent  to
     terminate any Plan shall have been or is reasonably  expected
     to  be  filed with the PBGC or the PBGC shall have instituted
     proceedings under ERISA section 4042 to terminate or  appoint
     a  trustee  to  administer any Plan or the  PBGC  shall  have
     notified  the Company or any ERISA Affiliate that a Plan  may
     become a subject of any such proceedings, (iii) the aggregate
     "amount  of unfunded benefit liabilities" (within the meaning
     of  section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA) under all Plans, determined
     in   accordance  with  Title  IV  of  ERISA,   shall   exceed
     $3,000,000,  (iv)  the Company or any ERISA  Affiliate  shall
     have  incurred  or  is  reasonably  expected  to  incur   any
     liability  pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or the  penalty
     or  excise  tax provisions of the Code relating  to  employee
     benefit  plans,  (v)  the  Company  or  any  ERISA  Affiliate
     withdraws from any Multiemployer Plan, or (vi) the Company or
     any  Subsidiary  establishes or amends any  employee  welfare
     benefit  plan that provides post-employment welfare  benefits
     in  a manner that would increase the liability of the Company
     or  any  Subsidiary thereunder; and any such event or  events
     described   in   clauses  (i)  through  (vi)  above,   either
     individually or together with any other such event or events,
     could  reasonably  be  expected to have  a  Material  Adverse
     Effect  (as  used in this Section 11(j), the terms  "employee
     benefit plan" and "employee welfare benefit plan" shall  have
     the  respective meanings assigned to such terms in Section  3
     of ERISA); or

          (k)    Subsidiary   Guarantee  --  (i)  the   Subsidiary
     Guarantee shall cease to be in full force and effect or shall
     be declared by a court or Governmental Authority of competent
     jurisdiction  to  be void, voidable or unenforceable  against
     any  Subsidiary  party  thereto,  or  (ii)  the  validity  or
     enforceability of the Subsidiary Guarantee shall be contested
     by  the  Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate  thereof,  or
     (iii)  the  Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate  thereof,
     shall  deny that any Subsidiary has any further liability  or
     obligation under the Subsidiary Guarantee; or

          (l)   Other Financing Documents -- (i) the Company,  any
     Subsidiary  Guarantor,  or  any  pledgor  under  the   Pledge
     Agreement, shall default in the due performance or observance
     of  any term, covenant or agreement in any one or more of the
     Subsidiary   Guarantee,  the  Contribution   Agreement,   the
     Intercreditor Agreement and the Pledge Agreement, as the case
     may be (subject to applicable grace or cure periods, if any),
     or  (ii) any such documents shall fail to be in full force or
     effect or to give the Collateral Agent or the holders of  the
     Notes  any  material  part of the Liens, rights,  powers  and
     privileges purported to be created thereby; or

          (m)   Credit Facility -- there shall occur an  Event  of
     Default under and as defined in the Credit Facility; or

          (n)   2000 Note Agreements -- there shall occur an Event
     of Default under and as defined in the 2000 Note Agreements.


12.  REMEDIES ON DEFAULT, ETC.

     12.1.     Acceleration.

          (a)   If an Event of Default with respect to the Company
     or  any  Subsidiary  described in paragraph  (g)  or  (h)  of
     Section  11  (other  than an Event of  Default  described  in
     clause  (i) of Section 11(g) or described in clause  (vi)  of
     Section  11(g)  by  virtue  of  the  fact  that  such  clause
     encompasses  clause (i) of Section 11(g)) has  occurred,  all
     the   Notes  then  outstanding  shall  automatically   become
     immediately due and payable.

          (b)   If any other Event of Default has occurred and  is
     continuing,  the Required Holders may at any  time  at  their
     option, by notice or notices to the Company, declare all  the
     Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable.

          (c)   If any Event of Default described in Section 11(a)
     or  Section 11(b) has occurred and is continuing, any  holder
     or  holders of Notes at the time outstanding affected by such
     Event of Default may at any time, at its or their option,  by
     notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes  held
     by it or them to be immediately due and payable.

       Upon  any  Notes  becoming  due  and  payable  under   this
Section 12.1, whether automatically or by declaration, such  Notes
will  forthwith mature and the entire unpaid principal  amount  of
such  Notes, plus (x) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon  and
(y)  the Make-Whole Amount determined in respect of such principal
amount (to the full extent permitted by applicable law), shall all
be  immediately  due and payable, in each and every  case  without
presentment, demand, protest or further notice, all of  which  are
hereby  waived.  The Company acknowledges, and the parties  hereto
agree,  that  each holder of a Note has the right to maintain  its
investment in the Notes free from repayment by the Company (except
as  herein  specifically provided for) and that the provision  for
payment  of  a Make-Whole Amount by the Company in the event  that
the  Notes are prepaid or are accelerated as a result of an  Event
of   Default,  is  intended  to  provide  compensation   for   the
deprivation of such right under such circumstances.

     12.2.     Other Remedies.

      If  any  Default  or Event of Default has  occurred  and  is
continuing, and irrespective of whether any Notes have  become  or
have been declared immediately due and payable under Section 12.1,
the  holder  of  any Note at the time outstanding may  proceed  to
protect and enforce the rights of such holder by an action at law,
suit  in  equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for  the
specific performance of any agreement contained herein or  in  any
Note, or for an injunction against a violation of any of the terms
hereof  or thereof, or in aid of the exercise of any power granted
hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise.

     12.3.     Rescission.

      At  any  time  after any Notes have been  declared  due  and
payable  pursuant  to  clause (b) or  (c)  of  Section  12.1,  the
Required  Holders, by written notice to the Company,  may  rescind
and  annul  any such declaration and its consequences if  (a)  the
Company  has paid all overdue interest on the Notes, all principal
of  and  Make-Whole Amount, if any, on any Notes that are due  and
payable  and  are unpaid other than by reason of such declaration,
and  all interest on such overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount,
if  any,  and  (to  the  extent permitted by applicable  law)  any
overdue  interest  in respect of the Notes, at the  Default  Rate,
(b) all Events of Default and Defaults, other than non-payment  of
amounts that have become due solely by reason of such declaration,
have  been cured or have been waived pursuant to Section  17,  and
(c)  no judgment or decree has been entered for the payment of any
monies  due  pursuant hereto or to the Notes.  No  rescission  and
annulment  under this Section 12.3 will extend to  or  affect  any
subsequent  Event  of  Default  or Default  or  impair  any  right
consequent thereon.

     12.4.     No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, etc.

      No  course of dealing and no delay on the part of any holder
of any Note in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate
as  a  waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice such holder's rights,
powers  or remedies.  No right, power or remedy conferred by  this
Agreement  or  by  any  Note  upon any  holder  thereof  shall  be
exclusive  of any other right, power or remedy referred to  herein
or  therein  or now or hereafter available at law, in  equity,  by
statute  or  otherwise.  Without limiting the obligations  of  the
Company  under Section 15, the Company will pay to the  holder  of
each Note on demand such further amount as shall be sufficient  to
cover  all  costs  and  expenses of such holder  incurred  in  any
enforcement  or  collection  under  this  Section  12,  including,
without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees,  expenses  and
disbursements.

13.  REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE; SUBSTITUTION OF NOTES.

     13.1.     Registration of Notes.

      The  Company shall keep at its principal executive office  a
register  for  the registration and registration of  transfers  of
Notes.   The name and address of each holder of one or more Notes,
each  transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee
of  one or more Notes shall be registered in such register.  Prior
to  due  presentment for registration of transfer, the  Person  in
whose  name  any  Note  shall be registered shall  be  deemed  and
treated  as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes  hereof,
and  the  Company shall not be affected by any notice or knowledge
to  the contrary.  The Company shall give to any holder of a  Note
that is an Institutional Investor, promptly upon request therefor,
a  complete  and  correct copy of the names and addresses  of  all
registered holders of Notes.

     13.2.     Transfer and Exchange of Notes.

      Upon surrender of any Note at the principal executive office
of  the  Company for registration of transfer or exchange (and  in
the  case  of  a  surrender  for registration  of  transfer,  duly
endorsed  or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer  duly
executed  by  the registered holder of such Note or  his  attorney
duly  authorized  in writing and accompanied by  the  address  for
notices  of,  and  a contact name and telephone number  for,  each
transferee  of  such  Note  or part thereof),  the  Company  shall
execute  and deliver (not later than five (5) Business Days  after
the  Company's  receipt  of  the foregoing  items,  regardless  of
whether  the Company shall have yet received payment  of  any  sum
referred  to  below), one or more new Notes (as requested  by  the
holder  thereof)  in exchange therefor, in an aggregate  principal
amount  equal  to  the unpaid principal amount of the  surrendered
Note.  Each such new Note shall be payable to such Person as  such
holder  may  request and shall be substantially  in  the  form  of
Exhibit  1.   Each such new Note shall be dated and bear  interest
from  the  date  to  which interest shall have been  paid  on  the
surrendered Note or dated the date of the surrendered Note  if  no
interest  shall have been paid thereon.  The Company  may  require
payment  of  a  sum  sufficient to cover  (i)  any  stamp  tax  or
governmental  charge imposed in respect of any  such  transfer  of
Notes  and  (ii) any costs of delivery (not exceeding $50  in  the
aggregate)  of such new Notes.  Notes shall not be transferred  in
denominations of less than $100,000, provided that if necessary to
enable  the  registration of transfer by a holder  of  its  entire
holding  of Notes, one Note may be in a denomination of less  than
$100,000.   Any transferee, by its acceptance of a Note registered
in  its name (or the name of its nominee), shall be deemed to have
made the representations set forth in Section 6.1 (other than  the
first sentence thereof) and in Section 6.2.

     13.3.     Replacement of Notes.

       Upon   receipt  by  the  Company  of  evidence   reasonably
satisfactory  to  it  of the ownership of  and  the  loss,  theft,
destruction or mutilation of any Note (which evidence shall be, in
the   case   of  an  Institutional  Investor,  notice  from   such
Institutional  Investor of such ownership and  such  loss,  theft,
destruction or mutilation), and

          (a)   in  the  case  of loss, theft or  destruction,  of
     indemnity  reasonably satisfactory to it (provided,  that  if
     the  holder of such Note is, or is a nominee for, an original
     Purchaser  or  another holder of a Note with  a  minimum  net
     worth  of  at least $100,000,000, such Person's own unsecured
     agreement  of  indemnity shall be deemed to be satisfactory),
     or

          (b)   in  the  case  of mutilation, upon  surrender  and
     cancellation thereof,

the  Company at its own expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu
thereof, a new Note, dated and bearing interest from the  date  to
which  interest  shall  have  been  paid  on  such  lost,  stolen,
destroyed  or  mutilated  Note or dated the  date  of  such  lost,
stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note if no interest shall have been
paid thereon.

14.  PAYMENTS ON NOTES.

     14.1.     Place of Payment.

      Subject  to Section 14.2, payments of principal,  Make-Whole
Amount, if any, and interest becoming due and payable on the Notes
shall be made in New York, New York at the principal office of The
Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. in such jurisdiction.  The Company  may
at  any time, by notice to each holder of a Note, change the place
of  payment of the Notes so long as such place of payment shall be
either the principal office of the Company in such jurisdiction or
the   principal  office  of  a  bank  or  trust  company  in  such
jurisdiction.

     14.2.     Home Office Payment.

      So  long as you or your nominee shall be the holder  of  any
Note, and notwithstanding anything contained in Section 14.1 or in
such  Note to the contrary, the Company will pay all sums becoming
due  on  such Note for principal, Make-Whole Amount, if  any,  and
interest  by  the  method and at the address  specified  for  such
purpose below your name in Schedule A, or by such other method  or
at  such  other  address  as you shall  have  from  time  to  time
specified to the Company in writing for such purpose, without  the
presentation  or  surrender of such Note  or  the  making  of  any
notation thereon, except that upon written request of the  Company
made  concurrently with or reasonably promptly  after  payment  or
prepayment in full of any Note, you shall surrender such Note  for
cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such request,  to  the
Company  at  its  principal executive office or at  the  place  of
payment  most  recently  designated by  the  Company  pursuant  to
Section 14.1.  Prior to any sale or other disposition of any  Note
held  by  you  or your nominee you will, at your election,  either
endorse thereon the amount of principal paid thereon and the  last
date  to  which  interest has been paid thereon or surrender  such
Note  to  the Company in exchange for a new Note or Notes pursuant
to  Section  13.2.  The Company will afford the benefits  of  this
Section  14.2 to any Institutional Investor that is the direct  or
indirect  transferee  of  any Note purchased  by  you  under  this
Agreement  and that has made the same agreement relating  to  such
Note as you have made in this Section 14.2.

15.  EXPENSES, ETC.

     15.1.     Transaction Expenses.

      Whether  or  not  the transactions contemplated  hereby  are
consummated,   the  Company  will  pay  all  costs  and   expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees of your special counsel and,
if reasonably required, local or other counsel) incurred by you or
holder  of  a  Note  in connection with such transactions  and  in
connection  with any amendments, waivers or consents under  or  in
respect  of  this  Agreement or the Notes  (whether  or  not  such
amendment,   waiver  or  consent  becomes  effective),  including,
without  limitation:  (a)  the  costs  and  expenses  incurred  in
enforcing  or defending (or determining whether or how to  enforce
or  defend)  any rights under this Agreement or the  Notes  or  in
responding  to  any  subpoena or other legal process  or  informal
investigative demand issued in connection with this  Agreement  or
the Notes, or by reason of being a holder of any Note, and (b) the
costs  and expenses, including financial advisors' fees,  incurred
in  connection with the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or
any Subsidiary or in connection with any work-out or restructuring
of  the  transactions contemplated hereby and by the  Notes.   The
Company  will pay, and will save you and each other  holder  of  a
Note  harmless from, all claims in respect of any fees,  costs  or
expenses if any, of brokers and finders (other than those retained
by you).

     15.2.     Survival.

      The  obligations of the Company under this Section  15  will
survive  the  payment  or transfer of any Note,  the  enforcement,
amendment  or  waiver of any provision of this  Agreement  or  the
Notes, and the termination of this Agreement.

16.  SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

      All  representations and warranties contained  herein  shall
survive  the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  and  the
Notes,  the  purchase or transfer by you of any  Note  or  portion
thereof  or interest therein and the payment of any Note, and  may
be  relied upon by any subsequent holder of a Note, regardless  of
any  investigation made at any time by or on behalf of you or  any
other  holder  of  a  Note.   All  statements  contained  in   any
certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf  of  the
Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed representations
and  warranties of the Company under this Agreement.   Subject  to
the  preceding sentence, this Agreement and the Notes  embody  the
entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings relating to  the
subject matter hereof.

17.  AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.

     17.1.     Requirements.

      This  Agreement  and  the  Notes may  be  amended,  and  the
observance  of  any  term hereof or of the  Notes  may  be  waived
(either retroactively or prospectively), with (and only with)  the
written  consent  of the Company and the Required Holders,  except
that  (a)  no  amendment or waiver of any  of  the  provisions  of
Section 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 21 hereof, or any defined term (as  it
is  used therein), will be effective as to you unless consented to
by  you  in  writing,  and (b) no such amendment  or  waiver  may,
without the written consent of the holder of each Note at the time
outstanding  affected thereby, (i) subject to  the  provisions  of
Section  12  relating  to acceleration or rescission,  change  the
amount  or time of any prepayment or payment of principal  of,  or
reduce  the  rate  or  change the time of  payment  or  method  of
computation of interest or of the Make-Whole Amount on, the Notes,
(ii)  change the percentage of the principal amount of  the  Notes
the holders of which are required to consent to any such amendment
or  waiver, or (iii) amend any of Sections 8, 11(a), 11(b), 12, 17
or 20.

     17.2.     Solicitation of Holders of Notes

          (a)  Solicitation.  The Company will provide each holder
     of  the Notes (irrespective of the amount of Notes then owned
     by  it)  with  sufficient information,  sufficiently  far  in
     advance  of  the date a decision is required, to enable  such
     holder  to  make  an  informed and considered  decision  with
     respect  to  any  proposed amendment, waiver  or  consent  in
     respect of any of the provisions hereof or of the Notes.  The
     Company  will deliver executed or true and correct copies  of
     each  amendment, waiver or consent effected pursuant  to  the
     provisions  of this Section 17 to each holder of  outstanding
     Notes promptly following the date on which it is executed and
     delivered  by,  or receives the consent or approval  of,  the
     requisite holders of Notes.

          (b)    Payment.   The  Company  will  not  directly   or
     indirectly pay or cause to be paid any remuneration,  whether
     by  way  of  supplemental  or  additional  interest,  fee  or
     otherwise, or grant any security, to any holder of  Notes  as
     consideration for or as an inducement to the entering into by
     any  holder of Notes of any waiver or amendment of any of the
     terms  and  provisions  hereof unless  such  remuneration  is
     concurrently  paid, or security is concurrently  granted,  on
     the  same  terms,  ratably  to  each  holder  of  Notes  then
     outstanding  even  if  such holder did not  consent  to  such
     waiver or amendment.

          (c)   Consent  in  Contemplation of  Transfer.   Without
     limiting  the  generality of Section 8.6,  any  consent  made
     pursuant  to  this Section 17 by a holder of Notes  that  has
     transferred  or  has  agreed to transfer  its  Notes  to  the
     Company,  any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of the Company  and
     has provided or has agreed to provide such written consent as
     a condition to such transfer shall be void and of no force or
     effect  except  solely as to such holder, and any  amendments
     effected or waivers granted or to be effected or granted that
     would  not  have been or would not be so effected or  granted
     but  for  such consent (and the consents of all other holders
     of  Notes  that  were  acquired under  the  same  or  similar
     conditions)  shall be void and of no force or  effect  except
     solely as to such holder.

     17.3.     Binding Effect, etc.

      Any  amendment  or waiver consented to as provided  in  this
Section  17 applies equally to all holders of Notes and is binding
upon  them  and upon each future holder of any Note and  upon  the
Company  without regard to whether such Note has  been  marked  to
indicate  such amendment or waiver.  No such amendment  or  waiver
will  extend  to  or  affect any obligation, covenant,  agreement,
Default  or  Event of Default not expressly amended or  waived  or
impair any right consequent thereon.  No course of dealing between
the Company and the holder of any Note nor any delay in exercising
any  rights hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a  waiver
of  any  rights of any holder of such Note.  As used  herein,  the
term  "this  Agreement"  and references thereto  shall  mean  this
Agreement as it may from time to time be amended or supplemented.

     17.4.     Notes held by Company, etc.

      Solely for the purpose of determining whether the holders of
the  requisite  percentage of the aggregate  principal  amount  of
Notes  then  outstanding approved or consented to  any  amendment,
waiver  or consent to be given under this Agreement or the  Notes,
or  have directed the taking of any action provided herein  or  in
the  Notes  to  be taken upon the direction of the  holders  of  a
specified  percentage of the aggregate principal amount  of  Notes
then  outstanding,  Notes  directly or  indirectly  owned  by  the
Company  or  any  of  its Affiliates shall be  deemed  not  to  be
outstanding.

18.  NOTICES.

      All  notices and communications provided for hereunder shall
be  in writing and sent (a) by facsimile if the sender on the same
day  sends  a  confirming  copy of such  notice  by  a  recognized
overnight delivery service (charges prepaid), or (b) by registered
or certified mail with return receipt requested (postage prepaid),
or  (c)  by a recognized overnight delivery service (with  charges
prepaid).  Any such notice must be sent:

          (i)   if  to  you or your nominee, to you or it  at  the
     address specified for such communications in Schedule  A,  or
     at  such  other address as you or it shall have specified  to
     the Company in writing,

          (ii)  if to any other holder of any Note, to such holder
     at  such address as such other holder shall have specified to
     the Company in writing, or

          (iii)      if  to  the Company, to the  Company  at  its
     address set forth at the beginning hereof to the attention of
     the Vice President of Finance and/or Chief Financial Officer,
     or  at such other address as the Company shall have specified
     to the holder of each Note in writing.

Notices  under  this  Section 18 will be deemed  given  only  when
actually  received.  Notwithstanding the foregoing  provisions  of
this  Section  18,  service of process  in  any  suit,  action  or
proceeding  arising  out of or relating to any  of  the  Financing
Documents  or  any  transaction  contemplated  thereby  shall   be
delivered in the manner provided in Section 22.8(c).

19.  REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS.

     This Agreement and all documents relating thereto, including,
without  limitation, (a) consents, waivers and modifications  that
may  hereafter be executed, (b) documents received by you  at  the
Closing   (except  the  Notes  themselves),  and   (c)   financial
statements,  certificates  and  other  information  previously  or
hereafter  furnished  to  you, may be reproduced  by  you  by  any
photographic,   photostatic,   microfilm,   microcard,   miniature
photographic  or  other similar process and you  may  destroy  any
original   document  so  reproduced.   The  Company   agrees   and
stipulates  that, to the extent permitted by applicable  law,  any
such  reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original
itself  in  any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether  or
not  the  original  is  in  existence  and  whether  or  not  such
reproduction  was made by you in the regular course  of  business)
and  any  enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction  of  such
reproduction  shall  likewise  be admissible  in  evidence.   This
Section  19 shall not prohibit the Company or any other holder  of
Notes  from  contesting any such reproduction to the  same  extent
that  it  could contest the original, or from introducing evidence
to demonstrate the inaccuracy of any such reproduction.

20.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

       For   the   purposes  of  this  Section  20,  "Confidential
Information" means information delivered to you by or on behalf of
the  Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the transactions
contemplated  by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement  that  is
proprietary  in nature and that was clearly marked or  labeled  or
otherwise  adequately identified when received  by  you  as  being
confidential  information  of  the  Company  or  such  Subsidiary,
provided that such term does not include information that (a)  was
publicly known or otherwise known to you prior to the time of such
disclosure, (b) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act
or   omission  by  you  or  any  Person  acting  on  your  behalf,
(c)  otherwise becomes known to you other than through  disclosure
by  the  Company  or  any Subsidiary or (d) constitutes  financial
statements  delivered to you under Section 7.1 that are  otherwise
publicly available.  You will maintain the confidentiality of such
Confidential Information in accordance with procedures adopted  by
you  in  good faith to protect confidential information  of  third
parties delivered to you provided that you may deliver or disclose
Confidential   Information  to  (i)  your   directors,   officers,
employees,  agents, attorneys and affiliates (to the  extent  such
disclosure  reasonably  relates  to  the  administration  of   the
investment  represented  by  your  Notes),  (ii)  your   financial
advisors  and  other  professional  advisors  who  agree  to  hold
confidential   the   Confidential  Information  substantially   in
accordance  with  the terms of this Section 20,  (iii)  any  other
holder  of any Note, (iv) any Institutional Investor to which  you
sell  or  offer  to  sell such Note or any  part  thereof  or  any
participation therein (if such Person has agreed in writing  prior
to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by the
provisions  of  this Section 20), (v) any Person  from  which  you
offer to purchase any Security of the Company (if such Person  has
agreed  in  writing  prior  to its receipt  of  such  Confidential
Information  to  be bound by the provisions of this  Section  20),
(vi) any federal or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction
over   you,   (vii)   the   National  Association   of   Insurance
Commissioners  or  any  similar organization,  or  any  nationally
recognized rating agency that requires access to information about
your investment portfolio or (viii) any other Person to which such
delivery  or  disclosure may be necessary or  appropriate  (w)  to
effect  compliance  with  any  law,  rule,  regulation  or   order
applicable to you, (x) in response to any subpoena or other  legal
process, (y) in connection with any litigation to which you are  a
party  or  (z)  if  an  Event  of  Default  has  occurred  and  is
continuing,  to  the  extent  you may  reasonably  determine  such
delivery  and  disclosure to be necessary or  appropriate  in  the
enforcement or for the protection of the rights and remedies under
your  Notes  and this Agreement.  Each holder of a  Note,  by  its
acceptance of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by
and to be entitled to the benefits of this Section 20 as though it
were  a  party  to this Agreement.  On reasonable request  by  the
Company in connection with the delivery to any holder of a Note of
information  required to be delivered to such  holder  under  this
Agreement or requested by such holder (other than a holder that is
a  party to this Agreement or its nominee), such holder will enter
into  an  agreement with the Company embodying the  provisions  of
this Section 20.

21.  SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER.

      You  shall  have  the right to substitute any  one  of  your
Affiliates as the purchaser of the Notes that you have  agreed  to
purchase hereunder, by written notice to the Company, which notice
shall be signed by both you and such Affiliate, shall contain such
Affiliate's  agreement  to be bound by this  Agreement  and  shall
contain  a  confirmation by such Affiliate of  the  accuracy  with
respect to it of the representations set forth in Section 6.  Upon
receipt  of such notice, wherever the word "you" is used  in  this
Agreement  (other  than in this Section 21), such  word  shall  be
deemed  to  refer to such Affiliate in lieu of you.  In the  event
that such Affiliate is so substituted as a purchaser hereunder and
such  Affiliate thereafter transfers to you all of the Notes  then
held  by such Affiliate, upon receipt by the Company of notice  of
such  transfer, wherever the word "you" is used in this  Agreement
(other  than  in this Section 21), such word shall  no  longer  be
deemed to refer to such Affiliate, but shall refer to you, and you
shall have all the rights of an original holder of the Notes under
this Agreement.

22.  MISCELLANEOUS.

     22.1.     Successors and Assigns.

       All  covenants  and  other  agreements  contained  in  this
Agreement  by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto  bind  and
inure  to  the benefit of their respective successors and  assigns
(including, without limitation, any subsequent holder of  a  Note)
whether so expressed or not.

     22.2.     Payments Due on Non-Business Days.

      Anything  in  this Agreement or the Notes  to  the  contrary
notwithstanding, any payment of principal of or Make-Whole  Amount
or  interest  on  any  Note that is due on a  date  other  than  a
Business  Day  shall be made on the next succeeding  Business  Day
without  including the additional days elapsed in the  computation
of the interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day.

     22.3.     Severability.

      Any  provision  of  this Agreement  that  is  prohibited  or
unenforceable  in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be   ineffective   to   the   extent  of   such   prohibition   or
unenforceability  without  invalidating the  remaining  provisions
hereof,  and  any  such  prohibition or  unenforceability  in  any
jurisdiction  shall  (to the full extent  permitted  by  law)  not
invalidate  or render unenforceable such provision  in  any  other
jurisdiction.

     22.4.     Construction.

      Each  covenant  contained herein shall be construed  (absent
express  provision to the contrary) as being independent  of  each
other  covenant contained herein, so that compliance with any  one
covenant shall not (absent such an express contrary provision)  be
deemed  to  excuse compliance with any other covenant.  Where  any
provision  herein refers to action to be taken by any  Person,  or
which  such Person is prohibited from taking, such provision shall
be  applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly
by such Person.

     22.5.     Counterparts.

     This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be an original but all of which together shall
constitute  one  instrument.  Each counterpart may  consist  of  a
number  of  copies  hereof, each signed  by  less  than  all,  but
together signed by all, of the parties hereto.

     22.6.     Governing Law.

      THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE  LAW
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES OF THE
LAW  OF SUCH STATE THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE  LAWS
OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SUCH STATE.

     22.7.     General Interest Provisions.

      It  is  the intention of the Company and the holders of  the
Notes  to  conform  strictly  to  the  Applicable  Interest   Law.
Accordingly, it is agreed that, notwithstanding any provisions  to
the  contrary in this Agreement or in the Notes, the aggregate  of
all  interest, and any other charges or consideration constituting
interest  under  the  Applicable  Interest  Law  that  is   taken,
reserved,  contracted for, charged or received  pursuant  to  this
Agreement  or  the Notes shall under no circumstances  exceed  the
maximum amount of interest allowed by the Applicable Interest Law.
If any such excess interest is ever charged, received or collected
on  account  of  or  relating  to this  Agreement  and  the  Notes
(including  any  charge  or amount which  is  not  denominated  as
"interest"  but is legally deemed to be interest under  Applicable
Interest Law), then in such event:

          (a)   the  provisions of this Section 22.7 shall  govern
     and control;

          (b)   the  Company  shall not be obligated  to  pay  the
     amount of such interest to the extent that it is in excess of
     the  maximum  amount of interest allowed  by  the  Applicable
     Interest Law;

            (c) any excess shall be deemed a mistake and cancelled
     automatically and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited  to
     the principal amount of the Notes by the holders thereof, and
     if  the  principal balance of the Notes is paid in full,  any
     remaining excess shall be forthwith paid to the Issuer; and

          (d)    the   effective   rate  of  interest   shall   be
     automatically subject to reduction to the Maximum Legal  Rate
     of Interest.

If  at any time thereafter, the Maximum Legal Rate of Interest  is
increased  then, to the extent that it shall be permissible  under
the  Applicable Interest Law, the Company shall forthwith  pay  to
the holders of the Notes, on a pro rata basis, all amounts of such
excess  interest  that the holders of the Notes  would  have  been
entitled  to  receive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement  and
the  Notes had such increased Maximum Legal Rate of Interest  been
in  effect at all times when such excess interest accrued.  To the
extent permitted by the Applicable Interest Law, all sums paid  or
agreed  to  be  paid  to the holders of the  Notes  for  the  use,
forbearance  or  detention of the indebtedness  evidenced  thereby
shall be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout  the
full term of the Notes.

     22.8.     Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction; Etc.

          (a)   Waiver  of  Jury  Trial; Waiver  of  Consequential
     Damages.   THE  PARTIES HERETO VOLUNTARILY AND  INTENTIONALLY
     WAIVE  ANY RIGHT ANY OF THEM MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY  JURY  IN
     RESPECT  OF  ANY  LITIGATION ARISING  OUT  OF,  UNDER  OR  IN
     CONNECTION  WITH  THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  ANY  OTHER   FINANCING
     DOCUMENT  OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.
     THE  COMPANY,  ON  BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE  OTHER  OBLIGORS,
     AGREES  NOT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM AGAINST ANY HOLDER OF  NOTES,
     ITS   AFFILIATES,  OR  ANY  OF  THEIR  RESPECTIVE  DIRECTORS,
     OFFICERS,  EMPLOYEES, ATTORNEYS OR AGENTS, ON ANY  THEORY  OF
     LIABILITY,  FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR  PUNITIVE
     DAMAGES  ARISING OUT OF OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO ANY  OF  THE
     TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN.

          (b)   Consent  to  Jurisdiction.  ANY  SUIT,  ACTION  OR
     PROCEEDING  ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,  OR
     ANY OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
     HEREBY  OR THEREBY OR ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO EXECUTE  OR
     OTHERWISE ENFORCE ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT OF ANY BREACH UNDER
     THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT
     BY  SUCH PARTY IN ANY FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT LOCATED  IN  NEW
     YORK,  NEW YORK, OR ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT LOCATED  IN  NEW
     YORK,  NEW  YORK  AS  SUCH PARTY MAY IN ITS  SOLE  DISCRETION
     ELECT,  AND  BY THE EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT,
     THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMIT  TO
     THE NONEXCLUSIVE IN PERSONAM JURISDICTION OF EACH SUCH COURT,
     AND  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES
     NOT  TO ASSERT IN ANY PROCEEDING BEFORE ANY TRIBUNAL, BY  WAY
     OF  MOTION, AS A DEFENSE OR OTHER-WISE, ANY CLAIM THAT IT  IS
     NOT  SUBJECT  TO  THE IN PERSONAM JURISDICTION  OF  ANY  SUCH
     COURT.   IN  ADDITION, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY
     WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION
     THAT  IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE  IN
     ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING  TO
     THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  ANY  OTHER  FINANCING  DOCUMENT  OR  THE
     TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY BROUGHT  IN  ANY
     SUCH COURT, AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT  ANY
     SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS
     BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

          (c)   Service of Process.  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY
     AGREES  THAT  PROCESS PERSONALLY SERVED  OR  SERVED  BY  U.S.
     REGISTERED MAIL AT THE ADDRESSES PROVIDED HEREIN FOR  NOTICES
     SHALL  CONSTITUTE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY  LAW,  ADEQUATE
     SERVICE  OF PROCESS IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING
     OUT  OF  OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FINANCING
     DOCUMENT  OR  TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY,  OR
     ANY  ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO EXECUTE OR OTHERWISE ENFORCE ANY
     JUDGMENT  IN  RESPECT OF ANY BREACH HEREUNDER  OR  UNDER  ANY
     OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT.  RECEIPT OF PROCESS SO SERVED SHALL
     BE  CONCLUSIVELY PRESUMED AS EVIDENCED BY A DELIVERY  RECEIPT
     FURNISHED  BY  THE  UNITED  STATES  POSTAL  SERVICE  OR   ANY
     COMMERCIAL DELIVERY SERVICE.

          (d)   Other Forums.  NOTHING HEREIN SHALL IN ANY WAY  BE
     DEEMED TO LIMIT THE ABILITY OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE  ANY
     WRITS,  PROCESS  OR  SUMMONSES IN  ANY  MANNER  PERMITTED  BY
     APPLICABLE LAW OR TO OBTAIN JURISDICTION OVER ANY OTHER PARTY
     HERETO  IN SUCH OTHER JURISDICTION, AND IN SUCH OTHER MANNER,
     AS MAY BE PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

     22.9.     Right of Set-Off.

      In  addition  to any rights now or hereafter  granted  under
applicable law or otherwise, and not by way of limitation  of  any
such  rights, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default  and  the
commencement of remedies described in Section 12.1 or  12.2,  each
holder  of Notes is authorized at any time and from time to  time,
without  presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any  kind
(all  of  which rights being hereby expressly waived), to  set-off
and  to  appropriate  and apply any and all deposits  (general  or
special)  and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing  by
such holder (including, without limitation, branches, agencies  or
Affiliates  of such holder wherever located) to or for the  credit
or  the account of any Obligor against obligations and liabilities
of  such  Obligor to the holders of the Notes under this Agreement
and  the  Notes,  the  other  Financing  Documents  or  otherwise,
irrespective of whether the holders of Notes shall have  made  any
demand  hereunder  and although such obligations,  liabilities  or
claims,  or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured,  and  any
such  set-off  shall be deemed to have been made immediately  upon
the  occurrence of an Event of Default even though such charge  is
made  or  entered on the books of such holder subsequent  thereto.
Each  holder  of  Notes  hereby agrees that any  set-off  effected
pursuant to this Section 22.9 shall be subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement and, if the Intercreditor Agreement  shall
no longer be in effect, shall be shared among all holders of Notes
at  the  time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable,
to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not theretofore
prepaid.

     22.10.    Acceptance of Intercreditor Agreement.

      By  its  acceptance of any Note the holder thereof shall  be
deemed to have agreed to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

     22.11.    Further Assurances.

      The Company agrees, upon the request of the Required Holders
or  the  Collateral  Agent,  promptly to  take  such  actions,  as
reasonably requested, as are necessary to carry out the intent  of
this  Agreement and the other Financing Documents, including,  but
not  limited to, such actions as are necessary to ensure that  the
Secured  Parties  have  a  perfected  security  interest  in   the
Collateral  subject  to  no Liens other than  Liens  permitted  by
Section 10.6.

                         *  *  *  *  *  *

                  [Signatures on following pages]
     If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign the
form of agreement on the accompanying counterpart of this
Agreement and return it to the Company, whereupon the foregoing
shall become a binding agreement between you and the Company.


                              Very truly yours,

                              RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.,
                              a South Carolina corporation


                              By:
                              Name:     Fred T. Grant, Jr.
                              Title:     Senior Vice  President  -
                              Finance



The foregoing is hereby
agreed to as of the
date thereof.

The Prudential Insurance Company of America

By:______________________________
Name:
Title:



Pruco Life Insurance Company

By:_______________________________
Name:
Title:



Pruco Life Insurance Company
Of New Jersey

By:_______________________________
Name:
Title:





Baystate Investments, LLC

By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     L.P., as Investment Advisor
By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     Inc., General Partner

By:_______________________________
Name:
Title:



General Electric Capital Assurance Company

By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     L.P., as Investment Advisor
By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     Inc., General Partner

By:_______________________________
Name:
Title:



USG Annuity & Life Company

By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     L.P., as Investment Advisor
By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     Inc., General Partner

By:_______________________________
Name:
Title:



RGA Reinsurance Company

By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     L.P., as Investment Advisor
By:  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
     Inc., General Partner

By:_______________________________
Name:
Title:
              SCHEDULE A TO NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                INFORMATION RELATING TO PURCHASER


Purchaser Name         THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF
                       AMERICA
Name in Which Note is  THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF
Registered             AMERICA
Note Registration      R-1; $42,258,000
Number; Principal      R-2:  $12,550,000
Amount
Payment on Account of
Note
                       Federal Wire Funds Transfer
     Method:
                       R-1; $42,258,000:
     Account           The Bank of New York
Information:           New York, NY
                       ABA No.:   021-000-018
                       Account No.:  890-0304-391
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information (R-1)"
                       below)

                       R-2; $12,550,000:
                       The Bank of New York
                       New York, NY
                       ABA No.:   021-000-018
                       Account No.:  890-0304-944
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information (R-2)"
                       below)

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information (R-1)      Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information (R-2)      Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Address for Notices    The Prudential Insurance Company of
Related to Payments    America
                       c/o Prudential Investment Management,
                       Operations & Systems
                       Gateway Center Two
                       100 Mulberry Street, 10th floor
                       Newark, NJ 07102-4077
                       Attention:  Manager, Billings and
                       Collections

                       Fax:  (973) 802-8055

Address for all other  The Prudential Insurance Company of
Notices (including     America
copies of Notices      c/o Prudential Capital Group
Related to Payments)   1170 Peachtree Street, Suite 500
                       Atlanta, GA 30309
                       Attention:  Managing Director

                       Fax:  (404) 870-3741

Telephonic Prepayment  Manager, Trade Management Group
Notices                Tel:  (973) 802-4222
                       Fax:  (973) 802-9425

Tax Identification     22-1211670
Number


Purchaser Name         PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW
                       JERSEY
Name in Which Note is  PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW
Registered             JERSEY
Note Registration      R-3; $1,598,000
Number; Principal
Amount
Payment on Account of
Note
                       Federal Wire Funds Transfer
     Method:
                       The Bank of New York
     Account           New York, NY
Information:           ABA No.:   021-000-018
                       Account No.:  890-0304-754
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information"
                       below)

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information            Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Address for Notices    Pruco Life Insurance Company of New
Related to Payments    Jersey
                       c/o The Prudential Insurance Company of
                       America
                       c/o Prudential Investment Management,
                       Operations & Systems
                       Gateway Center Two
                       100 Mulberry Street, 10th Floor
                       Newark, NJ 07102-4077
                       Attention:  Manager, Billings and
                       Collections

                       Fax:  (973) 802-8055

Address for all other  The Prudential Insurance Company of
Notices (including     America
copies of Notices      c/o Prudential Capital Group
Related to Payments)   1170 Peachtree Street, Suite 500
                       Atlanta, GA 30309
                       Attention:  Managing Director

                       Fax:  (404) 870-3741

Telephonic Prepayment  Manager, Trade Management Group
Notices                Tel:  (973) 802-4222
                       Fax:  (973) 802-9425

Tax Identification     22-2426091
Number


Purchaser Name         PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Name in Which Note is  PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Registered
Note Registration      R-4; $6,144,000
Number; Principal
Amount
Payment on Account of
Note
                       Federal Wire Funds Transfer
     Method:
                       The Bank of New York
     Account           New York, NY
Information:           ABA No.:   021-000-018
                       Account No.:  890-0304-421
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information"
                       below)

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information            Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Address for Notices    Pruco Life Insurance Company
Related to Payments    c/o The Prudential Insurance Company of
                       America
                       c/o Prudential Investment Management,
                       Operations & Systems
                       Gateway Center Two
                       100 Mulberry Street, 10th Floor
                       Newark, NJ 07102-4077
                       Attention:  Manager, Billings and
                       Collections

                       Fax:  (973) 802-8055

Address for all other  The Prudential Insurance Company of
Notices (including     America
copies of Notices      c/o Prudential Capital Group
Related to Payments)   1170 Peachtree Street, Suite 500
                       Atlanta, GA 30309
                       Attention:  Managing Director

                       Fax:  (404) 870-3741

Telephonic Prepayment  Manager, Trade Management Group
Notices                Tel:  (973) 802-4222
                       Fax:  (973) 802-9425

Tax Identification     22-1944557
Number


Purchaser Name         BAYSTATE INVESTMENTS, LLC
Name in Which Note is  BAYSTATE INVESTMENTS, LLC
Registered
Note Registration      R-5; $9,900,000
Number; Principal
Amount
Payment on Account of
Note
                       Federal Wire Funds Transfer
     Method:
                       Fleet Bank
     Account           ABA No.:   011-000-138
Information:           Account No.:  9429114060
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information"
                       below")

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information            Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Address for Notices    Baystate Investments, LLC
Related to Payments    200 Berkeley St., Floor B-3
                       Mail Stop B-03-01
                       Boston, MA 02116
                       Attention:  Bank Relations

Address for all other  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
Notices (including     L.P.
copies of Notices      4 Gateway Center
Related to Payments)   100 Mulberry Street
                       Newark, NJ 07102
                       Attention:  Albert Trank, Managing
                       Director

                       Tel:  (973) 802-8608
                       Fax:  (973) 624-6432

Telephonic Prepayment  Manager, Trade Management Group
Notices                Tel:  (973) 802-8107
                       Fax:  (800) 224-2278

Tax Identification     04-141-4660
Number


Purchaser Name         GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL ASSURANCE
                       COMPANY
Name in Which Note is  Salkeld & Co.
Registered
Note Registration      R-6; $13,300,000
Number; Principal
Amount
Payment on Account of
Note
                       Federal Wire Funds Transfer
     Method:
                       Bankers Trust Company
     Account           14 Wall Street
Information:           New York, NY 10005
                       SWIFT Code:  BKTR US 33
                       ABA No.:  021-001-033
                       Account No.:  99-911-145
                       FCC # 087737/GECA - PRU
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information"
                       below)

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information            Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Address for Notices    GE Financial Assurance
Related to Payments    Account:  GECA
                       3003 Summer Street
                       Stamford, CT 06904
                       Attention:  Investment Operations

                       Fax:  (203) 356-4688

Address for all other  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
Notices (including     L.P.
copies of Notices      4 Gateway Center
Related to Payments)   100 Mulberry Street
                       Newark, NJ 07102
                       Attention:  Albert Trank, Managing
                       Director

                       Tel:  (973) 802-8608
                       Fax:  (973) 624-6432

Tax Identification     91-6027719
Number


Purchaser Name         RGA REINSURANCE COMPANY
Name in Which Note is  Hare & Co.
Registered
Note Registration      R-7; $7,650,000
Number; Principal
Amount
Payment on Account of
Note
                       Federal Wire Funds Transfer
     Method:
                       Bank of New York
     Account           ABA No.:  021-000-018
Information:           Account No.:  128863
                       RGA Private Placement Account
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information"
                       below)

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information            Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Address for Notices    RGA Reinsurance Company
Related to Payments    1370 Timberlake Manor Parkway
                       Chesterfield, MO 63017-6039
                       Attn:  Banking Dept.

Address for all other  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
Notices (including     L.P.
copies of Notices      4 Gateway Center
Related to Payments)   100 Mulberry Street
                       Newark, NJ 07102
                       Attention:  Albert Trank, Managing
                       Director

                       Tel:  (973) 802-8608
                       Fax:  (973) 624-6432

Tax Identification     43-1235868
Number


Purchaser Name         USG ANNUITY & LIFE COMPANY
Name in Which Note is  USG ANNUITY & LIFE COMPANY
Registered
Note Registration      R-8; $6,600,000
Number; Principal
Amount
Payment on Account of
Note
                       Federal Wire Funds Transfer
     Method:
                       The Bank of New York
     Account           ABA No.:  021-000-018
Information:           BNF:  IOC566
                       Reference:  USG Annuity & Life Company,
                       Account No. 368520
                       Re: (See "Accompanying Information"
                       below)

Accompanying           Name of Issuer: Ryan's Family Steak
Information            Houses, Inc.

                       Description of
                       Security:       4.65% Senior Notes due
                       July 25, 2013

                       CUSIP Number:   783519 AA 9

                       Due date and application (as among
                       principal, interest and Yield-Maintenance
                       Amount) of the payment being made:

Address for Notices    ING Investment Management LLC
Related to Payments    5780 Powers Ferry Road, NW, Suite 300
                       Atlanta, GA 30327-4943
                       Attention:  Securities Accounting

                       Fax:   (770) 690-5057

Address for all other  Prudential Private Placement Investors,
Notices (including     L.P.
copies of Notices      4 Gateway Center
Related to Payments)   100 Mulberry Street
                       Newark, NJ 07102
                       Attention:  Albert Trank, Managing
                       Director

                       Tel:  (973) 802-8608
                       Fax:  (973) 624-6432

Telephonic Prepayment  Manager, Trade Management Group
Notices                Tel:  (973) 802-8107
                       Fax:  (800) 224-2278

Tax Identification     73-0663836
Number


              SCHEDULE B TO NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                          DEFINED TERMS

     As  used  herein,  the following terms have  the  respective
meanings  set  forth  below or set forth in  the  Section  hereof
following such term:

      "Affiliate"  shall mean, with respect to  any  Person,  any
other Person (i) directly or indirectly controlling or controlled
by  or  under  direct  or  common control  with  such  Person  or
(ii)  directly or indirectly owning or holding ten percent  (10%)
or  more of any class of voting or other equity interests in such
Person.   For  purposes of this definition, "control"  when  used
with  respect  to  any  Person means  the  power  to  direct  the
management  and policies of such Person, directly or  indirectly,
whether  through the ownership of voting securities, by  contract
or  otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled"  have
meanings  correlative  to  the  foregoing.   Unless  the  context
otherwise clearly requires, any reference to an "Affiliate" is  a
reference to an Affiliate of the Company.

     "Agreement, this" is defined in Section 17.3.

      "Applicable Interest Law" means any present or  future  law
(including, without limitation, the laws of the State of New York
and  the United States of America) which has application  to  the
interest  and  other charges pursuant to this Agreement  and  the
Notes.

     "Asset Sale" means (i) the sale, lease, conveyance or  other
disposition of any assets or Debt (including, without limitation,
by  way of a sale and leaseback) in one transaction (or series of
related transactions), other than sales of obsolete equipment and
(ii)  the issue or sale by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
of  Equity  Interests  of  any of the Company's  Subsidiaries  or
Subsidiaries  of  Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,
(a) a transfer of assets or Debt by the Company to a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary  or  by a Subsidiary to the Company or a  Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary,  (b)  an issuance or sale of Equity  Interests  by  a
Subsidiary  to  the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary,  (c)  a
disposition   of   the   types   of  investments   described   in
subparagraphs  (a), (b) and (c) of the definition of  "Restricted
Investments" in the ordinary course of business; (d) the issuance
of Equity Interests of a Subsidiary to an individual for the sole
purpose  of  qualifying such individual as  a  director  of  such
Subsidiary;  (e) the issuance of Equity Interests of Subsidiaries
to minority shareholders of Subsidiaries to satisfy the rights of
such  shareholders to receive issuances of stock which,  in  each
case,  do  not dilute the ownership interest of the  Company  (or
Subsidiary)  in  such Subsidiary, (f) sales of inventory  in  the
ordinary course of business, (g) the sale or transfer of up to 5%
of  the  Equity Interests of a Subsidiary in connection with  the
formation  of  a  real estate investment trust relating  to  such
Subsidiary,  and  (h) the sale of the real and personal  property
associated  with the locations listed on the attached Schedule  C
will not be deemed to be an Asset Sale.

      "Business  Day" means (a) for the purposes of  Section  8.7
only,  any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on  which
commercial banks in New York, New York are required or authorized
to  be closed, and (b) for the purposes of any other provision of
this Agreement, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a  day
on  which  commercial banks in New York, New York or  Greenville,
South Carolina are required or authorized to be closed.

      "Capital Expenditures" means, as applied to any Person, all
expenditures by such Person which, in accordance with GAAP, would
be   classified   as  capital  expenditures,  including   without
limitation Capital Leases.

      "Capital Lease" means, as applied to any Person, any  lease
of  any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person
as  lessee  which,  in  accordance with GAAP,  is  or  should  be
accounted  for  as a capital lease on the balance sheet  of  that
Person and the amount of such obligation shall be the capitalized
amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.

      "Capital  Stock"  means (a) in the case of  a  corporation,
corporate  stock, (b) in the case of an association  or  business
entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights  or
other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock, (c) in
the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general
or  limited) and (d) any other interest or participation that  is
not  Indebtedness and confers on a Person the right to receive  a
share  of  the profits and losses of, or distributions of  assets
of, the issuing Person.

     "Carryforward  Capital Expenditure Basket"   is  defined  in
Section 10.13.

     "Carryforward  Restricted Payment  Basket"   is  defined  in
Section 10.13.

      "Change in Control" means, with respect to the Company, any
of the following:

          (i)   any  "person" or "group" (within the  meaning  of
     Section  13(d)  or  14(d) of the Exchange Act)  has  become,
     directly  or indirectly, the "beneficial owner" (as  defined
     in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that
     a  Person shall be deemed to have "beneficial ownership"  of
     all  shares  that any such Person has the right to  acquire,
     whether such right is exercisable immediately or only  after
     the  passage  of  time), by way of merger, consolidation  or
     otherwise, of 20% or more of the Voting Stock of the Company
     on  a  fully-diluted  basis,  after  giving  effect  to  the
     conversion and exercise of all outstanding warrants, options
     and  other  securities of the Company (whether or  not  such
     securities  are  then currently convertible or  exercisable)
     other than Trimark which may become the beneficial owner  of
     up  to 30% of the Voting Stock of the Company as a result of
     the Share Repurchase Program, or

           (ii)     during any period of two consecutive calendar
     years,  individuals  who  at the beginning  of  such  period
     constituted the board of directors of the Company cease  for
     any  reason to constitute a majority of the directors of the
     Company  then  in  office  unless such  new  directors  were
     elected  or  designated by the directors of the Company  who
     constituted  the board of directors of the  Company  at  the
     beginning  of such period or such directors were elected  by
     shareholders to fill vacant seats for resigning or  retiring
     directors  that  were  not replaced  at  the  time  of  such
     resignation or retirement.

     "Closing" is defined in Section 3.

      "Code"  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from  time  to  time,  and the rules and regulations  promulgated
thereunder from time to time.

      "Collateral" means any and all property that at any time is
granted to the Collateral Agent or any other Person, pursuant  to
the  Pledge  Agreement  or  any  other  document,  agreement   or
instrument,  as security for the payment of any  or  all  of  the
obligations of the Company under this Agreement and the Notes.

      "Collateral Agent" means Bank of America, N.A.,  solely  in
its  capacity as collateral agent under the Pledge Agreement  and
the  Intercreditor Agreement, and together with any successor  or
co-agent  that becomes such in accordance with the provisions  of
the Pledge Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement.

      "Collateral Documents" means a collective reference to  the
Pledge  Agreement  and such other documents as are  executed  and
delivered in connection with the attachment and perfection of the
Secured Parties' security interests in the Capital Stock of  each
Domestic  Subsidiary  and  First-Tier Foreign  Subsidiary  of  an
Obligor, including without limitation, UCC financing statements.

      "Company" means Ryan's Family Steak Houses, Inc.,  a  South
Carolina  corporation,  together with  any  successor  or  assign
thereof.

     "Confidential Information" is defined in Section 20.

      "Consolidated  Net Assets" means, for the Company  and  its
Subsidiaries  on  a  consolidated basis, total  assets  less  all
Restricted Investments less current liabilities.

      "Consolidated Net Worth" means, as of any date with respect
to  the  Obligors and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis,
shareholders'  equity or net worth, as determined  in  accordance
with  GAAP;  provided  that, solely for purposes  of  calculating
Consolidated Net Worth as such term is used in Section 10.1, such
computation shall not take into account any non-cash losses  that
may result from (i) the adoption after the date of the Closing of
FAS  133  (Accounting  for  Derivative  Instruments  and  Hedging
Activities)  or (ii) any other change after the Closing  Date  in
GAAP  that  requires either the writing down  of  assets  or  the
writing up of liabilities.

     "Contribution Agreement" is defined in Section 4.11(b).

     "Control Event" means:

          (a)   the  execution  by  the Company  or  any  of  its
     Subsidiaries  or Affiliates of any agreement  or  letter  of
     intent with respect to any proposed transaction or event  or
     series of transactions or events which, individually  or  in
     the  aggregate, may reasonably be expected to  result  in  a
     Change in Control;

          (b)  the execution of any written agreement which, when
     fully  performed by the parties thereto, would result  in  a
     Change in Control, or

          (c)   the making of any written offer by any person (as
     such  term is used in section 13(d) and section 14(d)(2)  of
     the Exchange Act as in effect on the date of the Closing) or
     related  persons constituting a group (as such term is  used
     in  Rule  13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect  on  the
     date  of the Closing) to the holders of the Voting Stock  of
     the  Company,  which  offer, if accepted  by  the  requisite
     number of holders, would result in a Change in Control.

      "Credit Documents" means, collectively, that certain Credit
Agreement dated as of January 28, 2000 by and among the  Company,
certain  Subsidiaries,  as guarantors, the  Lenders  (as  defined
therein) from time to time party thereto, Bank of America,  N.A.,
as   Administrative   Agent,  First  Union  National   Bank,   as
syndication  agent, Wachovia Bank, N.A., as documentation  agent,
and  SunTrust Bank, Atlanta, as senior managing agent,  (ii)  all
documents  and  agreements executed and delivered  in  connection
therewith,  and (iii) (except as otherwise provided  herein)  all
amendments, restatements, extensions, renewals, refinancings  and
substitutions thereof, in whole or in part.

      "Credit  Facility" means the revolving  credit,  letter  of
credit and swingline facility extended to the Company pursuant to
the Credit Documents.

       "Debt"   means,  with  respect  to  any  Person,   without
duplication,

     (a)   its  liabilities for borrowed money and its redemption
obligations in respect of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Stock;

     (b)   its  liabilities for the deferred  purchase  price  of
property  acquired  by  such Person (excluding  accounts  payable
arising in the ordinary course of business but including, without
limitation,  all  liabilities  created  or  arising   under   any
conditional sale or other title retention agreement with  respect
to any such property);

     (c)  all liabilities appearing on its balance sheet in
accordance with GAAP in respect of Capital Leases;

     (d)   all liabilities for borrowed money secured by any Lien
with respect to any property owned by such Person (whether or not
it  has assumed or otherwise become liable for such liabilities);
and

     (e)  any Guaranty of such Person with respect to liabilities
of a type described in any of clauses (a) through (d) hereof.

Debt  of any Person shall include all obligations of such  Person
of  the  character described in clauses (a) through  (d)  to  the
extent  such  Person  remains legally liable in  respect  thereof
notwithstanding  that  any  such  obligation  is  deemed  to   be
extinguished under GAAP.

     "Default" means an event or condition the occurrence or
existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of
notice or both, become an Event of Default.

      "Default Rate" means that rate of interest that is  2%  per
annum  above  the rate of interest stated in clause  (a)  of  the
first paragraph of the Notes.

     "Disposition Value" means, at any time, with respect to  any
property

          (a)   in  the case of property that does not constitute
     the  Equity  Interests  of  a  Subsidiary,  the  book  value
     thereof,  valued  at  the time of such disposition  in  good
     faith by the Company, and

          (b)   in  the  case  of property that  constitutes  the
     Equity  Interests of a Subsidiary,  an amount equal to  that
     percentage of the book value of the assets of the Subsidiary
     that  issued  such stock as is equal to the percentage  that
     the  book value of such Subsidiary Stock represents  of  the
     book  value  represented by  all of the outstanding  Capital
     Stock   of   such  Subsidiary  (assuming,  in  making   such
     calculations,  that  all Securities  convertible  into  such
     Capital Stock are so converted and giving full effect to all
     transactions  that would occur or be required in  connection
     with  such  conversion)  determined  at  the  time  of   the
     disposition thereof, in good faith by the Company.

     "Distribution"   means,  in  respect  of  any   corporation,
association or other business entity:

          (a)   dividends or other distributions or  payments  on
     Capital  Stock or other Equity Interest of such corporation,
     association  or other business entity (except  distributions
     in such stock or other equity interest); and

          (b)   the  redemption or acquisition of such  stock  or
     other  Equity Interests (except when solely in exchange  for
     such   stock   or  other  Equity  Interests)  unless   made,
     contemporaneously, from the net proceeds of a sale  of  such
     stock or other Equity Interests.

      "Dollars" and "$" means dollars in lawful currency  of  the
United States of America.

      "Domestic  Subsidiaries"  means  all  direct  and  indirect
Subsidiaries  of the Company that are domiciled, incorporated  or
organized  under  the laws of any state of the United  States  of
America or the District of Columbia (or have any material  assets
located  in  the  United States of America  or  the  District  of
Columbia)  whether  existing as of the date hereof  or  hereafter
created or acquired.

      "EBITDA" means, for any period with respect to the Obligors
and  their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount  equal
to  the  sum  of  (a) Net Income for such period  (excluding  the
effect  of  non-cash losses or any extraordinary  or  other  non-
recurring  gains) plus (b) an amount which, in the  determination
of  Net Income for such period has been deducted for (i) Interest
Expense  for such period, (ii) total Federal, state,  foreign  or
other income taxes for such period and (iii) all depreciation and
amortization  for  such period, all as determined  in  accordance
with GAAP.

      "EBITR"  means, for any period with respect to the Obligors
and  their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount  equal
to  the  sum  of  (a) Net Income for such period  (excluding  the
effect  of  any  non-cash losses or extraordinary or  other  non-
recurring  gains) plus (b) an amount which, in the  determination
of Net Income for such period, has been deducted for (i) Interest
Expense  for such period, (ii) total Federal, state,  foreign  or
other  income  taxes for such period and (iii) Rent  Expense  for
such period.

     "Environmental  Laws"  means any  and  all  Federal,  state,
local,  and  foreign  statutes,  laws,  regulations,  ordinances,
rules,  judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants,
franchises,  licenses,  agreements or  governmental  restrictions
relating  to  pollution and the protection of the environment  or
the  release of any materials into the environment, including but
not  limited to those related to hazardous substances or  wastes,
air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

      "Equity  Interests" means Capital Stock and  all  warrants,
options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock.

     "Equity Issuance" means any issuance by any Obligor  to  any
Person  of  (a)  shares  of its Capital  Stock  or  other  equity
interests,  (b) any shares of its Capital Stock or  other  equity
interests pursuant to the exercise of options (other than Capital
Stock issued to employees and directors pursuant to employees  or
directors  stock  option  plans  and  Capital  Stock  issued   to
consultants)  or warrants or (c) any shares of its Capital  Stock
or  other equity interests pursuant to the conversion of any debt
securities to equity.  The amount of any Equity Issuance shall be
the  net cash proceeds derived therefrom, including, in the  case
of  any  conversion  of  any  debt securities  into  equity,  the
principal amount of such debt.

     "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

      "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business  (whether  or
not  incorporated) that is treated as a single employer  together
with the Company under section 414 of the Code.

     "Event of Default" is defined in Section 11.

     "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

      "Fair  Market Value" means, at any time, the sale value  of
property that would be realized in an arm's length sale  at  such
time  between  an informed and willing buyer and an informed  and
willing seller, under no compulsion to buy or sell, respectively.

      "Financing  Documents" means, collectively,  each  of  this
Agreement,  the Notes, the Subsidiary Guarantee, the Contribution
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Collateral Documents,
and  all  other  related  agreements, documents  and  instruments
issued or delivered hereunder or thereunder or pursuant hereto or
thereto.

       "First   Tier  Foreign  Subsidiary"  means  each   Foreign
Subsidiary in which any one or more of the Obligors owns directly
more  than  50%, in the aggregate, of the Voting  Stock  of  such
Foreign Subsidiary.

      "Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio" means, at any time, the ratio
of:

          (a)  EBITR for the prior twelve month period to

          (b)  the sum of (i) cash Interest Expense for the prior
     twelve month period plus (ii) Scheduled Funded Debt Payments
     for  the  prior twelve month period plus (iii) Rent  Expense
     for the prior twelve month period.

      "Foreign Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company or
any other Obligor that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

     "Funded Debt" means, without duplication, the sum of:

          (a)   all  outstanding  Indebtedness  (other  than  (i)
     Hedging  Agreements  and (ii) Indebtedness  owing  from  one
     Obligor  to  another  Obligor) of  the  Obligors  and  their
     Subsidiaries for borrowed money;

          (b)   all  purchase money Indebtedness of the  Obligors
     and their Subsidiaries;

          (c)   the principal portion of all obligations  of  the
     Obligors and their Subsidiaries under Capital Leases;

          (d)  all obligations, contingent or otherwise, relative
     to  the face amount of all letters of credit, whether or not
     drawn,  and banker's acceptances created for the account  of
     an Obligor or its Subsidiaries (it being understood that, to
     the  extent  an  undrawn letter of credit  supports  another
     obligation   consisting  of  Indebtedness,  in   calculating
     aggregate Indebtedness only such other obligation  shall  be
     included);

          (e)    all   Guaranties  of  the  Obligors  and   their
     Subsidiaries with respect to Funded Debt of another Person;

          (f)   all  Funded Debt of another entity secured  by  a
     Lien  on any property of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries
     whether  or  not  such Funded Debt has been  assumed  by  an
     Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries;

          (g)    all   Funded   Debt  of   any   partnership   or
     unincorporated joint venture to the extent an Obligor or one
     of its Subsidiaries is legally obligated or has a reasonable
     expectation of being liable with respect thereto, net of any
     assets of such partnership or joint venture; and

          (h)    the  principal  balance  outstanding  under  any
     synthetic  lease, tax retention operating lease, off-balance
     sheet  loan  or similar off-balance sheet financing  product
     where   such   transaction  is  considered  borrowed   money
     indebtedness  for  tax  purposes but  is  classified  as  an
     operating lease in accordance with GAAP.

      "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles as in
effect from time to time in the United States of America.

     "Governmental Authority" means:

          (a)  the government of (i) the United States of America
     or any State or other political subdivision thereof, or (ii)
     any  jurisdiction  in which the Company  or  any  Subsidiary
     conducts  all or any part of its business, or which  asserts
     jurisdiction  over  any properties of  the  Company  or  any
     Subsidiary, or

          (b)   any  entity  exercising  executive,  legislative,
     judicial,  regulatory  or administrative  functions  of,  or
     pertaining to, any such government.

       "Guaranty"   means,  with  respect  to  any  Person,   any
obligation  (except  the endorsement in the  ordinary  course  of
business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection)  of
such   Person   guaranteeing  or  in  effect   guaranteeing   any
indebtedness, dividend or other obligation of any other Person in
any  manner,  whether directly or indirectly, including  (without
limitation) obligations incurred through an agreement, contingent
or otherwise, by such Person:

          (a)  to purchase such indebtedness or obligation or any
     property constituting security therefor;

          (b)  to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or
     payment  of  such  indebtedness or obligation,  or  (ii)  to
     maintain   any  working  capital  or  other  balance   sheet
     condition  or  any income statement condition of  any  other
     Person  or otherwise to advance or make available funds  for
     the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation;

          (c)   to lease properties or to purchase properties  or
     services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner  of
     such  indebtedness or obligation of the ability of any other
     Person to make payment of the indebtedness or obligation; or

          (d)  otherwise to assure the owner of such indebtedness
     or obligation against loss in respect thereof.

In  any  computation of the indebtedness or other liabilities  of
the  obligor  under  any  Guaranty,  the  indebtedness  or  other
obligations  that  are  the subject of  such  Guaranty  shall  be
assumed to be direct obligations of such obligor.

      "Hazardous Material" means any and all pollutants, toxic or
hazardous wastes or any other substances that might pose a hazard
to  health or safety, the removal of which may be required or the
generation,   manufacture,  refining,   production,   processing,
treatment,  storage,  handling,  transportation,  transfer,  use,
disposal, release, discharge, spillage, seepage, or filtration of
which  is or shall be restricted, prohibited or penalized by  any
applicable  law  (including, without limitation,  asbestos,  urea
formaldehyde foam insulation and polycholorinated biphenyls).

      "Hedging  Agreements"  means any interest  rate  protection
agreements,  foreign currency exchange agreements, currency  swap
agreements,  commodity  purchase or option  agreements  or  other
interest  or  exchange  rate hedging agreements,  in  each  case,
entered into or purchased by an Obligor.

      "holder"  means, with respect to any Note,  the  Person  in
whose name such Note is registered in the register maintained  by
the Company pursuant to Section 13.1.

     "Indebtedness"  with  respect to any Person  means,  at  any
time, without duplication,

          (a)  its Debt;

          (b)   all  its  liabilities in respect  of  letters  of
     credit  or instruments serving a similar function issued  or
     accepted  for  its  account  by banks  and  other  financial
     institutions  (whether or not representing  obligations  for
     borrowed money);

          (c)  Swaps of such Person; and

          (d)   any  Guaranty  of  such Person  with  respect  to
     liabilities  of  a  type described in  any  of  clauses  (a)
     through (c) hereof.

Indebtedness of any Person shall include all obligations of  such
Person  of the character described in clauses (a) through (c)  to
the  extent such Person remains legally liable in respect thereof
notwithstanding  that  any  such  obligation  is  deemed  to   be
extinguished under GAAP.

      "Initial Capital Expenditure Basket"  is defined in Section
10.13.

     "Institutional Investor" means (a) any original purchaser of
a  Note,  (b) any holder of a Note holding more than  5%  of  the
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and (c)
any  bank, trust company, savings and loan association  or  other
financial institution, any pension plan, any investment  company,
any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar
financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form.

      "Intercreditor  Agreement" means the Amended  and  Restated
Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement, dated  as  of  the
date  hereof,  by and among the initial purchasers  of  the  2000
Senior Notes, the Collateral Agent and Bank of America, N.A.,  as
administrative agent for the Lenders, and acknowledged and agreed
to  by  the  Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors,  as  amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time  to  time,
including   without   limitation  pursuant   to   the   amendment
contemplated in Section 4.12 hereof.

      "Interest  Expense" means, for any period, with respect  to
the  Obligors and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, all
interest expense, including the interest component under  Capital
Leases, as determined in accordance with GAAP.

      "Lender"  has  the meaning assigned to  such  term  in  the
Intercreditor Agreement.

      "Leverage  Ratio"  means, as of  the  end  of  each  fiscal
quarter, the ratio of (a) total Funded Debt on such date  to  (b)
EBITDA for the twelve month period ending on such date.

      "Lien"  means,  with respect to any Person,  any  mortgage,
lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance,  or
any  interest  or  title of any vendor, lessor, lender  or  other
secured party to or of such Person under any conditional sale  or
other  title retention agreement (other than an operating  lease)
or  Capital Lease, upon or with respect to any property or  asset
of  such  Person  (including in the case  of  stock,  stockholder
agreements,    voting   trust   agreements   and   all    similar
arrangements).

     "Make-Whole Amount" is defined in Section 8.7.

      "Material"  means  material in relation  to  the  business,
operations, affairs, financial condition, assets, properties,  or
prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

     "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on
(a)  the  business,  operations,  affairs,  financial  condition,
assets or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as
a  whole, or (b) the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary  to
perform  its obligations under any one or more of this Agreement,
the  Notes, the Subsidiary Guarantee, the Contribution Agreement,
the  Pledge Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, as the case
may  be, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any one or more
of such documents.

      "Material  Subsidiary" shall mean (i) each  Subsidiary  set
forth  on  Schedule  4.11,  (ii) each  other  Subsidiary  of  the
Company,  now  existing or hereinafter established  or  acquired,
that  has  or  acquires  Consolidated Net  Assets  in  excess  of
$1,000,000  or  that accounted for or produced more  than  5%  of
EBITDA  on  a  consolidated basis during any of  the  three  most
recently  completed fiscal years of the Company,  and  (iii)  any
Subsidiary  that  owns, licenses or sublicenses any  intellectual
property  (such  as  trademarks,  trade  names  and  patents)  in
connection  with  the operation of the business  of  the  Company
and/or any of its Subsidiaries.

      "Maximum Legal Rate of Interest" means the maximum rate  of
interest  that  a holder of Notes may from time to  time  legally
charge  the  Company  by agreement and in  regard  to  which  the
Company would be prevented successfully from raising the claim or
defense  of  usury under the Applicable Interest Law  as  now  or
hereafter construed by courts having appropriate jurisdiction.

     "Multiemployer Plan" means any Plan that is a "multiemployer
plan" (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).

      "Net  Income" means, for any period, the net  income  after
taxes for such period of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis, as determined in accordance with GAAP.

     "Net Proceeds" means the aggregate cash proceeds received by
the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of  any  Asset
Sale  (including, without limitation, any cash received upon  the
sale  or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received
in  any  Asset  Sale), net of the direct costs relating  to  such
Asset Sale (including, without limitation, legal, accounting  and
investment  banking  fees,  sales  commissions),  taxes  paid  or
payable  as  a  result  thereof (after taking  into  account  any
available tax credits or deductions in respect of such Asset Sale
or  the  property subject to the Asset Sale and any  tax  sharing
arrangements), amounts required to be applied to the repayment of
Debt (other than intercompany Indebtedness) secured by a Lien  on
the  asset or assets that were the subject of such Asset Sale and
any  reserve for adjustment in respect of the sale price of  such
asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP.

     "Note" and "Notes" are defined in Section 1.

      "Obligor"  means and includes each of the Company  and  the
Subsidiary Guarantors.

      "Officer's  Certificate" means a certificate  of  a  Senior
Financial  Officer or of any other officer of the  Company  whose
responsibilities   extend  to  the   subject   matter   of   such
certificate.

      "Operating  Leases" means, as applied to  any  Person,  any
lease  (including,  without  limitation,  leases  which  may   be
terminated  by the lessee at any time) of any property  which  is
not  a  Capital  Lease other than any such lease  in  which  such
Person is the lessor.

      "PBGC"  means  the  Pension  Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation
referred to and defined in ERISA or any successor thereto.

      "Person"  means  an  individual, partnership,  corporation,
limited  liability  company, association,  trust,  unincorporated
organization, or a government or agency or political  subdivision
thereof.

      "Plan"  means  an "employee benefit plan"  (as  defined  in
section  3(3)  of  ERISA) that is or, within the  preceding  five
years,   has  been  established  or  maintained,  or   to   which
contributions are or, within the preceding five years, have  been
made  or  required  to  be  made, by the  Company  or  any  ERISA
Affiliate  or  with  respect to which the Company  or  any  ERISA
Affiliate may have any liability.

      "Pledge  Agreement" means that certain Amended and Restated
Pledge  Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among  the
Company, certain of its Subsidiaries and the Collateral Agent, as
amended,  supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from  time
to time.

     "Preferred  Stock"  means any class of capital  stock  of  a
corporation  that  is preferred over any other class  of  capital
stock  of such corporation as to the payment of dividends or  the
payment  of  any amount upon liquidation or dissolution  of  such
corporation.

      "Priority Debt" shall mean, with respect to the Company, at
any time, without duplication, the sum of:

          (a)  all Debt of Subsidiaries (other than such Debt
     held by the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary thereof and
     other than the Credit Facility);

          (b)  Debt of the Company and any Subsidiary (other than
     such Debt held by the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
     thereof and other than the Credit Facility) secured by any
     Lien other than Liens described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c),
     (e), (f), (g) ,(h) and (i) of Section 10.6 hereof, except
     that Liens described in paragraph 10.6(i) shall be excluded
     from this calculation to the extent that such Liens consist
     of pledges by the Company and its Subsidiaries of Capital
     Stock pursuant to the Credit Facility; and

          (c)  all Preferred Stock of Subsidiaries owned by a
     Person other than the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
     thereof.

       "property"   or   "properties"  means,  unless   otherwise
specifically  limited,  real or personal property  of  any  kind,
tangible or intangible, choate or inchoate.

     "Proposed Prepayment Date" is defined in Section 8.3(c).

     "PTE" is defined in Section 6.2(a).

     "Purchasers" means and includes you.

       "QPAM   Exemption"  means  Prohibited  Transaction   Class
Exemption 84-14 issued by the United States Department of Labor.

     "Rent Expense" means, for any period, the total rent expense
for Operating Leases of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries on  a
consolidated basis, as determined in accordance with GAAP.

      "Required  Holders" means, at any time, the holders  of  at
least  a  majority in principal amount of the Notes at  the  time
outstanding (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Company or  any
of its Affiliates).

     "Responsible Officer" means the chief financial officer, the
controller,  the  general counsel or any  other  officer  of  the
Company who is directly responsible for the administration by the
Company of this Agreement.

      "Restricted  Investments" shall  mean  any  investments  in
securities  or  extensions  of credit  by  the  Company  and  its
Subsidiaries other than:

          (a)  direct obligations of the United States of America
     or  any  agency or instrumentality of the United  States  of
     America,  the  payment or guarantee of which  constitutes  a
     full  faith  and credit obligation of the United  States  of
     America,  in each case maturing no later than one year  from
     the date of acquisition;

          (b)  certificates of deposit maturing no later than one
     year  from the date of acquisition issued by U.S. commercial
     banks  having  a  combined  capital  and  surplus  of   over
     $200,000,000 and having a long-term debt rating of at  least
     A-  by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, a Division of McGraw
     Hill,  Inc.  or  at  least A3 by Moody's Investors  Service,
     Inc.;

          (c)   commercial  paper of a domestic issuer  rated  at
     least A-1 by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, a Division  of
     McGraw  Hill,  Inc.  or  at least P-1 by  Moody's  Investors
     Service, Inc. and maturing not more than 270 days after  the
     date of acquisition;

          (d)   investments in or loans to Subsidiary  Guarantors
     or  to  any  Person that concurrently with  such  investment
     becomes  a  Subsidiary  Guarantor, provided,  however,  that
     investments  may be made in any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary  if,
     as  contemplated  by Section 9.7 hereof,  no  Subsidiary  is
     required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor;

          (e)   investments or extensions of credit made  in  the
     ordinary  course  of  business  and  consistent  with   past
     practice; and

          (f)   other  investments or extensions  of  credit  not
     exceeding,  at any time, 15% of Consolidated  Net  Worth  at
     such time.

     "Restricted Payments" means:

          (a)   any Distribution in respect of the Company or any
     Subsidiary (other than on account of Capital Stock or  other
     equity   interests  of  a  Subsidiary  owned   legally   and
     beneficially   by   the  Company  or  another   Subsidiary),
     including, without limitation, any Distribution resulting in
     the  acquisition  by the Company of Securities  which  would
     constitute treasury stock; and

          (b)   any  payment, repayment, redemption,  retirement,
     repurchase or other acquisition, direct or indirect, by  the
     Company  or any Subsidiary of, on account of, or in  respect
     of,   the  principal  of  any  Subordinated  Debt  (or   any
     installment  thereof)  prior  to  the  regularly   scheduled
     maturity  date  thereof  (as in  effect  on  the  date  such
     Subordinated Debt was originally incurred).

      "Secured  Parties" means and includes the Lenders  and  the
holders from time to time of the Notes and the 2000 Senior Notes.

     "Securities  Act"  means  the Securities  Act  of  1933,  as
amended from time to time.

     "Security" has the meaning set forth in section 2(l) of  the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

       "Senior  Financial  Officer"  means  the  chief  financial
officer,  chief  accounting officer, treasurer or comptroller  of
the Company.

      "Scheduled Funded Debt Payments" means, as of  the  end  of
each  fiscal quarter of the Company, for the Obligors  and  their
Subsidiaries  on a consolidated basis, the sum of  all  scheduled
payments  of  principal on Funded Debt for the applicable  period
ending  on  such  date  (including  the  principal  component  of
payments  due  on  Capital Leases during  the  applicable  period
ending  on  such  date,  but  excluding  scheduled  payments   on
termination  of  the Credit Facility); it being  understood  that
Scheduled  Funded Debt Payments shall not include  the  voluntary
prepayments  or  the mandatory prepayments required  pursuant  to
Section  3.3  of the Credit Facility and Section 8.2 and  Section
8.3 hereof.

      "Share  Repurchase  Program"  means  the  share  repurchase
program authorized by the board of directors of the Company.

     "Source" is defined in Section 6.2.

      "Subordinated Debt" means any Debt that is  in  any  manner
subordinated  in right of payment or security in any  respect  to
Debt evidenced by the Notes.

      "Subsidiary"  means,  as  to any Person,  any  corporation,
association or other business entity in which such Person or  one
or more of its Subsidiaries or such Person and one or more of its
Subsidiaries owns sufficient equity or voting interests to enable
it   or  them  (as  a  group)  ordinarily,  in  the  absence   of
contingencies, to elect a majority of the directors  (or  Persons
performing similar functions) of such entity, and any partnership
or  joint  venture if more than a 50% interest in the profits  or
capital  thereof is owned by such Person or one or  more  of  its
Subsidiaries  or such Person and one or more of its  Subsidiaries
(unless  such  partnership  can and does  ordinarily  take  major
business actions without the prior approval of such Person or one
or  more  of  its  Subsidiaries).  Unless the  context  otherwise
clearly  requires, any reference to a "Subsidiary" is a reference
to a Subsidiary of the Company.

     "Subsidiary Guarantee" is defined in Section 4.11(a).

     "Subsidiary Guarantor" is defined in Section 4.11(a).

     "Substantial Amount" means, with respect to any  Asset  Sale
during a fiscal year, any portion of property of the Company  and
its  Subsidiaries, if (a) the Disposition Value of such property,
when added to the Disposition Value of all other property of  the
Company  and its Subsidiaries that was subject to an  Asset  Sale
during  such  fiscal  year, exceeds an amount  equal  to  15%  of
Consolidated  Net Assets determined as of the  last  day  of  the
immediately  preceding fiscal year of the  Company  or  (b)  such
property  and  all  other  property  of  the  Company   and   its
Subsidiaries that was subject to an Asset Sale during such fiscal
year  accounts, in the aggregate, for more than 15% of Net Income
determined as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal
year  of the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
may from time to time elect to exclude from each determination of
Substantial   Amount  one  or  more  Asset  Sales  specified   in
reasonable detail in one or more certificates delivered  pursuant
to Section 7.2(a), provided that the aggregate of the Disposition
Values  of all Asset Sales in each fiscal year of the Company  so
excluded pursuant to this sentence after the date of the  Closing
shall not exceed $10,000,000.

       "Swaps"  means,  with  respect  to  any  Person,   payment
obligations  with respect to interest rate swaps, currency  swaps
and  similar obligations obligating such Person to make payments,
whether periodically or upon the happening of a contingency.  For
the  purposes  of  this Agreement, the amount of  the  obligation
under  any Swap shall be the amount determined in respect thereof
as  of the end of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter  of
such  Person,  based  on  the  assumption  that  such  Swap   had
terminated at the end of such fiscal quarter, and in making  such
determination,  if any agreement relating to such  Swap  provides
for  the  netting  of  amounts payable  by  and  to  such  Person
thereunder or if any such agreement provides for the simultaneous
payment of amounts by and to such Person, then in each such case,
the  amount  of  such  obligation shall  be  the  net  amount  so
determined.

      "2000  Note Agreements" means, collectively, those  certain
Note  Purchase  Agreements, each dated as of  January  28,  2000,
between the Company and each initial purchaser of the 2000 Senior
Notes,  together with (except as otherwise provided  herein)  all
amendments, restatements, extensions, renewals, refinancings  and
substitutions thereof, in whole or in part.

     "2000 Note Documents" means, collectively, (i) the 2000 Note
Agreements,  (ii) all 2000 Senior Notes, (iii) all documents  and
instruments executed in connection therewith, and (iv) (except as
otherwise   provided   herein)  all   amendments,   restatements,
extensions, renewals, refinancings and substitutions thereof,  in
whole or in part.

     "2000 Senior Notes" means, collectively, those certain 9.02%
Senior Notes due January 28, 2008 issued by the Company.

     "Trimark" means Trimark Financial Corporation, a corporation
organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada.

     "Unused  Capital  Expenditure  Allowance"   is  defined   in
Section 10.13.

      "Voting Stock" means Capital Stock of any class or  classes
of  a  Person the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence
of  contingencies,  entitled  to elect  corporate  directors  (or
Persons performing similar functions).

     "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary
one hundred percent (100%) of all of the equity interests (except
directors' qualifying shares) and voting interests of  which  are
owned  by any one or more of the Company and the Company's  other
Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at such time.

                           SCHEDULE C

RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.
ACTUAL AND PLANNED STORE CLOSINGS
AS OF: 7/2/2003
<table>

ITEM  RYAN'S         NAME                          NET BOOK VALUE
 #     #             ADDRESS             STATUS       AT 7/2/2003
<s>  <c>            <c>                  <c>         <c>
1    121            Montgomery-1         Closed         819,321
                    4135 Atlanta Highway
                    Montgomery, AL 36109

2    174            Kentwood             Closed       1,029,263
                    3005 Broadmoor
                    Kentwood, MI 49508

3    712            Columbus-1           Closed         803,863
                    6075 E. Livingston Avenue
                    Columbus, OH 43232

4    713            Rock Hill            Closed         775,742
                    824 Hwy 21 Bypass
                    Rock Hill, SC 29730

5    715            Dayton               Closed         862,752
                    4111 Little York Road
                    Dayton, OH 45414

6    716            Beaumont             Closed       1,341,422
                    4151 Phelan Blvd.
                    Beaumont, TX 77707

7    718            Rocky Mount          Closed       1,066,545
                    1968 Stone Rose Drive
                    Rocky Mount, NC 27804

8    186            Springfield          Plan to        781,582
                    3150 Chatham Road    close on
                    Springfield, IL 62704 7/27/2003

9    180            Pensacola            Plan to      1,245,567
                    301 Brent Lane       close on
                    Pensacola, FL 32503   8/3/2003

</table>

RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.
PROPERTY (LAND ONLY) FOR SALE
AS OF: 7/2/2003

<table>

ITEM                               NET BOOK VALUE
 #   LOCATION                      AT 7/2/2003
<s>  <c>                           <c>
1    Campbellsville, KY            429,957

2    Crowley, LA                   376,302

3    Fayetteville, TN              484,904

4    Florence, SC                  430,842

5    Freeport, IL                  437,668

6    I-85@Greer, SC                725,265

7    Kirksville, MO                468,186

8    Lawrenceburg, TN              467,592

9    Plano, IL                     442,749

10   Plymouth, IN                  426,172

11   Rockingham, NC                469,617

12   S. Boston, VA                 340,421

13   Siloam Springs, AR            330,590

14   Starkville, MS                407,326

15   Winchester, TN                433,187
</table>

                         SCHEDULE D

               PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS AT CLOSING




Wachovia Bank, N.A.
400 S. Tryon Street
Charlotte, NC  28202

ABA # 053000219

Account # 2079900122541

                        SCHEDULE 4.9
               CHANGES IN CORPORATE STRUCTURE

The Company has dissolved its former subsidiaries, Ryan's
Hoosier Group, LP, Ryan's Mega Manufacturing Group, LP and
Ryan's Family Steak Houses TLC, Inc., and has succeeded to
all of the liabilities of those entities.  These liabilities
are immaterial to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as
a whole.


                        SCHEDULE 4.11
              INITIAL GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARIES


Big R Procurement Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company

Ryan's   Family   Steak  Houses  East,  Inc.,   a   Delaware
corporation

Ryan's Properties, Inc. , a Delaware corporation

Rymark Holdings, Inc. , a Delaware corporation

Fire Mountain Properties, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company


                        SCHEDULE 5.3
                    DISCLOSURE MATERIALS



Nothing to disclose.


                        SCHEDULE 5.4
   SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY AND OWNERSHIP OF SUBSIDIARY
                            STOCK
<table>

(a)(i) The Company's Subsidiaries

                             Jurisdiction   % Owned by
Name                              of        Company(or
                             Organization   Subsidiaries)
<s>                         <c>            <c>
Big R Procurement Company,  DE             100%
LLC*
Ryan's Family Steak Houses  DE             100%
East, Inc.*
Ryan's Properties, Inc.*    DE             100%
Rymark Holdings, Inc.*      DE             100%
Fire Mountain Properties,   DE             100%
LLC*
</table>

*  Domestic Subsidiary

Pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of "Material
Subsidiary" in Schedule B to the Agreement, all Subsidiaries
listed on Schedule 4.11 (which list is identical to the list
above on this Schedule) are Material Subsidiaries.

(a)(ii)   The Company's Affiliates (Other than Subsidiaries)

Based on Schedules 13G filed in February 2003, the following
organizations owned 5% or more of the Company's common stock
at the time of their filing:
<table>

                                   Percent
Name of Beneficial Owner          Ownership
<s>                                  <c>
Private Capital Management, Inc.     15.4%
FMR Corp.                             6.2%
Barclays Global Investors, NA         5.9%
Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc.        5.5%
</table>

(a)(iii)  The Company's Directors and Executive Officers


Directors
     Charles D. Way
     G. Edwin McCranie
     Barry L. Edwards
     James M. Shoemaker,
     Jr.
     Harold K. Roberts, Jr.
     James D. Cockman
     Brian S. MacKenzie


Executive Officers
     Charles D. Way
     G. Edwin McCranie
     Janet J. Gleitz
     Morgan A. Graham
     Fred T. Grant, Jr.
     James R. Hart
     Alan E. Shaw
     Ilene T. Turbow


                        SCHEDULE 5.5
                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



Audited financial statements for fiscal year ended January
1, 2003

Unaudited financial statements for fiscal quarter ended
April 2, 2003

                        SCHEDULE 5.8
                     CERTAIN LITIGATION


From  time to time, the Company is involved in various legal
claims  and litigation arising in the normal course  of  its
business.    Based   on   currently-known   legal   actions,
management believes that, as a result of its legal  defenses
and  insurance  arrangements,  none  of  these  actions,  if
decided  adversely,  would have a  material  effect  on  the
Company's business or financial condition, taken as a whole.

As  disclosed  most recently in the Company's first  quarter
2003 Form 10-Q, a lawsuit was filed on November 12, 2002, in
the  United  States  District  Court,  Middle  District   of
Tennessee, Nashville Division, on behalf of three plaintiffs
alleging various violations by the Company of the Fair Labor
Standards  Act  of  1938.   The plaintiffs'  attorneys  have
indicated  that they intend to seek class-action  status  on
this  complaint.   Management intends to  vigorously  defend
this  lawsuit and has retained two firms to serve as co-lead
counsel  for the Company.  The presiding judge has  recently
indicated  that  decisions as to further class  notification
and  any arbitration procedures could be expected in  August
or  September 2003.  Any potential financial impact  to  the
Company cannot be determined at this time.

                        SCHEDULE 5.11
                        PATENTS, ETC.


Nothing to disclose.

                        SCHEDULE 5.14
                       USE OF PROCEEDS


The Company will apply the proceeds of the sale of the Notes
to repay a portion of existing Debt outstanding under the
Credit Facility.


                        SCHEDULE 5.15
                   EXISTING DEBT AND LIENS

(a)  At closing, the Company and its Subsidiaries will have
the following Debt and Liens:

     Debt under the Credit Facility and the 2000 Senior
     Notes, and Liens on the Capital Stock of Subsidiaries
     securing such Debt on a pari passu basis with the
     Notes.

     Capital leases with respect to 13 copiers or fax
     machines in an aggregate unpaid amount (as of July 2,
     2003) of $214,496.  These leases are secured by liens
     on the copiers.

     7   letters  of  credit  in  an  aggregate  face  amount  of
     $8,973,767.  As of July 2, 2003, no amounts were drawn  with
     respect to these letters of credit.

     Guaranties by the Company of loans from First Union
     National Bank for purchases by operating partners of
     the Company's stock pursuant to its operating partner
     and related programs.  As of July 1, 2003, there were
     146 such loans, in an aggregate outstanding amount of
     $941,556.

(b)  Nothing to disclose.
              EXHIBIT 1 TO NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT


                         [Form of Note]

THIS  NOTE  HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF  THE  SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,  AS  AMENDED  (THE
"ACT"),  OR QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAW.  THIS NOTE MAY BE RESOLD ONLY IF REGISTERED PURSUANT TO  THE
PROVISIONS OF THE ACT AND QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS  OR IF AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH  REGISTRATION  AND
QUALIFICATION  IS  AVAILABLE, EXCEPT  UNDER  CIRCUMSTANCES  WHERE
NEITHER   SUCH  REGISTRATION,  QUALIFICATION  NOR  EXEMPTION   IS
REQUIRED BY LAW.

                RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.

               4.65% Senior Note Due July 25, 2013

No.                                                       [_____]
[Date]
$[_______]                                   CUSIP NUMBER: 783519
AA 9

      FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED, the undersigned, RYAN'S FAMILY  STEAK
HOUSES,   INC.  (herein  called  the  "Company"),  a  corporation
organized  and  existing under the laws of  the  State  of  South
Carolina,  hereby promises to pay  to  [___                ],  or
registered     assigns,    the     principal     sum     of     [
]  DOLLARS on [             ,          ], with interest (computed
on  the  basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a)  on
the  unpaid  balance thereof at the rate of 4.65% per annum  from
the  date  hereof, payable quarterly, on the [__]th day  of  each
January,  April,  July and October in each  year,  commencing  on
October [__], 2003, until the principal hereof shall have  become
due  and payable, and (b) to the extent permitted by law  on  any
overdue  payment (including any overdue prepayment) of principal,
any  overdue payment of interest and any overdue payment  of  any
Make-Whole  Amount  (as  defined in the Note  Purchase  Agreement
referred  to below), payable quarterly as aforesaid (or,  at  the
option of the registered holder hereof, on demand), at a rate per
annum from time to time equal to 4.65%.

      Payments  of  principal of, interest on and any  Make-Whole
Amount  with respect to this Note are to be made in lawful  money
of  the United States of America at address for such payments set
forth in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below or at such
other  place  as  the  Company shall have designated  by  written
notice  to  the  holder  of this Note as provided  in  such  Note
Purchase Agreement.

      This Note is one of a series of Senior Notes (herein called
the  "Notes")  issued  pursuant to the Note  Purchase  Agreement,
dated  as  of  July 25, 2003 (as from time to time  amended,  the
"Note   Purchase  Agreement"),  between  the  Company   and   the
Purchasers named therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof.
Each  holder  of  this  Note will be deemed,  by  its  acceptance
hereof, (i) to have agreed to the confidentiality provisions  set
forth  in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreement and  (ii)  to
have made the representation set forth in Section 6.2 of the Note
Purchase Agreement.

      Each  holder of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance
hereof,  to  have  agreed  to  the  terms  of  the  Intercreditor
Agreement  (as  such  term  is  defined  in  the  Note   Purchase
Agreement).

      This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note
Purchase  Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration
of   transfer,  duly  endorsed,  or  accompanied  by  a   written
instrument  of  transfer duly executed, by the registered  holder
hereof  or  such holder's attorney duly authorized in writing,  a
new  Note  for  a  like principal amount will be issued  to,  and
registered  in  the  name  of,  the  transferee.   Prior  to  due
presentment for registration of transfer, the Company  may  treat
the  person  in whose name this Note is registered as  the  owner
hereof  for  the purpose of receiving payment and for  all  other
purposes,  and the Company will not be affected by any notice  to
the contrary.

      The Company will make required prepayments of principal  on
the  dates  and  in  the amounts specified in the  Note  Purchase
Agreement.  This Note is subject to optional prepayment, in whole
or  from  time  to time in part, at the times and  on  the  terms
specified in the Note Purchase Agreement, but not otherwise.

      If  an  Event  of Default, as defined in the Note  Purchase
Agreement, occurs and is continuing, the principal of  this  Note
may  be  declared  or  otherwise become due and  payable  in  the
manner, at the price (including any applicable Make-Whole Amount)
and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement.

      THIS NOTE AND THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK, EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES OF THE  LAW
OF SUCH STATE THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF A
JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SUCH STATE.

                              RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.


                              By:
                              Name:
                              Title:


            EXHIBIT 4.4(a) TO NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

           [FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY]

            EXHIBIT 4.4(b) TO NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         [FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE PURCHASERS]

         EXHIBIT 4.11(a) TO NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

               [Form of Subsidiary Guarantee]

               SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE AGREEMENT


      This SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE AGREEMENT, dated as of July 25,
2003  (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified
from  time  to time, this "Guarantee"), made by the undersigned
signatories  hereto  as Guarantors (each  of  the  undersigned,
together   with  their  respective  successors   and   assigns,
individually  a "Guarantor" and collectively the "Guarantors"),
in favor of each of the holders of the Notes (as defined below)
(collectively,  together with their respective  successors  and
assigns, individually a "Guaranteed Party" and collectively the
"Guaranteed Parties");

                    W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS,  Ryan's Family Steak Houses, Inc., a corporation
organized  and  existing under the laws of the State  of  South
Carolina  ("Parent")  and the initial Guaranteed  Parties  have
entered into that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated  as  of
July  25, 2003 (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise
modified from time to time, the "Agreement"), pursuant to which
Parent  has  issued to the Guaranteed Parties its 4.65%  Senior
Notes   due   July   25,   2013  (collectively,   as   amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time,
the  "Notes,"  such term to include any such  notes  issued  in
substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement),
in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000,000;

      WHEREAS, Parent owns, directly or indirectly,  all  or  a
majority  of  the  outstanding capital stock  or  other  equity
interests of each of the Guarantors;

      WHEREAS,  Parent  and  Guarantors share  an  identity  of
interest  as  members  of  a consolidated  group  of  companies
engaged   in  substantially  similar  businesses  with   Parent
providing   certain  centralized  financial,   accounting   and
management  services  to each of the Guarantors  by  virtue  of
intercompany   advances   and   loans   such   that   financial
accommodations extended to Parent shall inure to the direct and
material benefit of Guarantors; and

      WHEREAS, consummation of the transactions pursuant to the
Agreement  will  facilitate expansion and enhance  the  overall
financial  strength and stability of Parent's entire  corporate
group, including the Guarantors; and

      WHEREAS,  the  Guarantors'  ability  to  carry  on  their
respective  business operations is dependent on the ability  of
the Parent to obtain financing; and

      WHEREAS,  it  is  a condition precedent  to  the  initial
Guaranteed Parties' obligations to enter into the Agreement and
to  purchase  the Notes thereunder that Guarantors execute  and
deliver  this Guarantee, and Guarantors desire to  execute  and
deliver this Guarantee to satisfy such condition precedent; and

      WHEREAS,  capitalized terms used and not  defined  herein
have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement;

      NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and  in
order  to  induce  the Guaranteed Parties  to  enter  into  and
perform  their obligations under the Agreement, the  Guarantors
hereby jointly and severally agree as follows:

     SECTION 1.  Guarantee.  The Guarantors hereby, jointly and
severally,    irrevocably,   absolutely   and   unconditionally
guarantee the due and punctual payment of all principal of, and
Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest on, the Notes  and  all
other obligations owing by Parent to the Guaranteed Parties, or
any  of  them,  jointly or severally under the  Agreement,  the
Notes  and  the  other  documents, instruments  and  agreements
relating to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, and
all   renewals,  extensions,  modifications  and   refinancings
thereof,   now  or  hereafter  owing,  whether  for  principal,
interest,  Make-Whole  Amount,  fees,  expenses  or  otherwise,
including,  without limitation, any and all reasonable  out-of-
pocket  expenses  (including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and
expenses actually incurred) incurred by the Guaranteed  Parties
in enforcing any rights under this Guarantee (collectively, the
"Guaranteed  Obligations") including, without  limitation,  all
interest  which, but for the filing of a petition in bankruptcy
with  respect  to  Parent  (or  any receivership,  liquidation,
reorganization  or  similar case or  proceeding  in  connection
therewith,  relative  to the Company or  its  property),  would
accrue  on any principal portion of the Guaranteed Obligations.
Any  and all payments by the Guarantors hereunder shall be made
free  and  clear  of  and without deduction  for  any  set-off,
counterclaim  or  withholding, so  that,  in  each  case,  each
Guaranteed  Party  will receive, after  giving  effect  to  any
taxes,  (but excluding taxes imposed on overall net  income  of
any  Guaranteed Party), the full amount that it would otherwise
be   entitled  to  receive  with  respect  to  the   Guaranteed
Obligations  (but  without duplication  of  amounts  for  taxes
already   included   in  the  Guaranteed  Obligations).    Each
Guarantor  acknowledges and agrees that this is a guarantee  of
payment  when due, and not of collection, and that, subject  to
Section  13 hereof, this Guarantee may be enforced  up  to  the
full  amount  of the Guaranteed Obligations without  proceeding
against   Parent,  against  any  security  for  the  Guaranteed
Obligations,  against any other Guarantor or  under  any  other
guaranty covering any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations.

      SECTION 2.  Guarantee Absolute.  The Guarantors guarantee
that  the  Guaranteed  Obligations will  be  paid  strictly  in
accordance  with  the terms of the documents,  instruments  and
agreements evidencing any Guaranteed Obligations, regardless of
any  law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any
jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights  of  any
Guaranteed Party with respect thereto.  The liability  of  each
Guarantor   under   this  Guarantee  shall  be   absolute   and
unconditional in accordance with its terms and shall remain  in
full  force  and  effect without regard to, and  shall  not  be
released,   suspended,  discharged,  terminated  or   otherwise
affected   by,  any  circumstance  or  occurrence   whatsoever,
including,  without limitation, the following (whether  or  not
such Guarantor consents thereto or has notice thereof):

          (a)   any  change  in the time, place  or  manner  of
     payment  of, or in any other term of, all or  any  of  the
     Guaranteed  Obligations, any waiver, indulgence,  renewal,
     extension,  amendment  or  modification  of  or  addition,
     consent  or  supplement to or deletion from or  any  other
     action  or  inaction under or in respect of the Agreement,
     or any other documents, instruments or agreements relating
     to  the Guaranteed Obligations or any other instrument  or
     agreement  referred  to  therein  or  any  assignment   or
     transfer of any thereof;

          (b)   any lack of validity or enforceability  of  the
     Agreement  or any other document, instrument or  agreement
     referred to therein or any assignment or transfer  of  any
     thereof;

          (c)   any furnishing to the Guaranteed Parties of any
     additional security for the Guaranteed Obligations, or any
     sale,  exchange, release or surrender of,  or  realization
     on, any security for the Guaranteed Obligations;

          (d)   any  settlement or compromise  of  any  of  the
     Guaranteed  Obligations,  any security  therefor,  or  any
     liability  of  any  other  party  with  respect   to   the
     Guaranteed  Obligations,  or  any  subordination  of   the
     payment  of  the Guaranteed Obligations to the payment  of
     any other liability of Parent;

          (e)    any  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,
     composition, adjustment, dissolution, liquidation or other
     like  proceeding relating to any Guarantor or  Parent,  or
     any  action  taken with respect to this Guarantee  by  any
     trustee  or  receiver,  or  by  any  court,  in  any  such
     proceeding;

          (f)   failure to preserve the validity or  perfection
     of any security interest or lien on any collateral, or any
     amendment  or waiver of or consent to departure  from  any
     guaranty  or  security, for all or any of  the  Guaranteed
     Obligations;

          (g)   any application of sums paid by Parent  or  any
     other Person with respect to the liabilities of Parent  to
     the Guaranteed Parties, regardless of what liabilities  of
     Parent remain unpaid;

          (h)   any  act  or  failure to act by any  Guaranteed
     Party which may adversely affect a Guarantor's subrogation
     rights,  if  any, against Parent to recover payments  made
     under this Guarantee; and

          (i)   any  other  circumstance which might  otherwise
     constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of,  any
     Guarantor.

If  claim  is ever made upon any Guaranteed Party for repayment
or  recovery of any amount or amounts received in payment or on
account   of  any  of  the  Guaranteed  Obligations,  and   any
Guaranteed Party repays all or part of said amount by reason of
(a)   any   judgment,  decree  or  order  of   any   court   or
administrative  body  having jurisdiction over  the  Guaranteed
Party  or  any  of  its  property, or  (b)  any  settlement  or
compromise  of any such claim effected by the Guaranteed  Party
with  any  such  claimant (including Parent  or  a  trustee  in
bankruptcy  for Parent), then and in such event each  Guarantor
agrees  that  any such judgment, decree, order,  settlement  or
compromise   shall  be  binding  on  it,  notwithstanding   any
revocation hereof or the cancellation of the Agreement  or  the
other  documents,  instruments and  agreements  evidencing  any
Guaranteed Obligations, and each of the Guarantors shall be and
remain liable to the Guaranteed Party for the amounts so repaid
or  recovered  to the same extent as if such amount  had  never
originally been paid to the Guaranteed Party.

      This  Guarantee  shall  remain in  effect  and  shall  be
enforceable  against each Guarantor notwithstanding  any  sale,
transfer  or other disposition by Parent of all or any  portion
of  the  Equity  Interests  of  any  Guarantor.   Further,  the
obligations  of each Guarantor shall be joint and  several  and
the  release  or discharge of the obligations of one  Guarantor
shall  not modify, affect, release or discharge the obligations
of  the  other  Guarantors hereunder.  Further, this  Guarantee
shall be enforceable against the Guarantors notwithstanding the
existence of any counterclaim that may be alleged by the Parent
against the Guaranteed Parties.

      SECTION 3.  Waiver.  Each Guarantor hereby waives  notice
of  acceptance  of this Guarantee, notice of any  liability  to
which  it may apply, and further waives presentment, demand  of
payment, protest, notice of dishonor or nonpayment of any  such
liabilities,  suit or taking of other action by the  Guaranteed
Parties  against, and any other notice to, Parent or any  other
party   liable  with  respect  to  the  Guaranteed  Obligations
(including  the  Guarantors or any  other  Person  executing  a
guaranty of the obligations of Parent).

      SECTION 4.  Waiver of Subrogation.  Each Guarantor hereby
waives irrevocably and forever any rights against Parent  which
it  may  acquire by way of subrogation or contribution, by  any
payment  made  hereunder or otherwise.  Each  Guarantor  hereby
expressly  waives  any  claim,  right  or  remedy  which   such
Guarantor may now have or hereafter acquire against Parent that
arises  hereunder and/or from the performance by any  Guarantor
hereunder, including, without limitation, any claim,  right  or
remedy of the Guaranteed Parties against Parent or any security
which  the  Guaranteed Parties now have or  hereafter  acquire,
whether  or  not such claim, right or remedy arises in  equity,
under contract, by statute, under color of law or otherwise.

      SECTION 5. Severability.  Any provision of this Guarantee
which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as  to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of  such
prohibition   or  unenforceability  without  invalidating   the
remaining  provisions  hereof,  and  any  such  prohibition  or
unenforceability  in any jurisdiction shall not  invalidate  or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

      SECTION  6.  Amendments, Etc.  No amendment or waiver  of
any provision of this Guarantee nor consent to any departure by
a  Guarantor  therefrom shall in any event be effective  unless
the  same shall be in writing executed by the Guarantor and the
Guaranteed Parties.

     SECTION 7.  Notices.  All notices and other communications
provided  for hereunder shall be given in the manner  specified
in  the Agreement (i) in the case of the Guaranteed Parties, at
the  address  specified  for  the  Guaranteed  Parties  in  the
Agreement,  and  (ii)  in the case of the  Guarantors,  at  the
respective  addresses  specified for such  Guarantors  in  this
Guarantee.

      SECTION 8.  No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the  part
of  the  Guaranteed  Parties  to  exercise,  and  no  delay  in
exercising,  any  right hereunder shall  operate  as  a  waiver
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any  right
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise  of  any other right.  No notice to or demand  on  any
Guarantor in any case shall entitle such Guarantor to any other
further  notice or demand in any similar or other circumstances
or  constitute a waiver of the rights of the Guaranteed Parties
to  any  other  or further action in any circumstances  without
notice  or demand.  The remedies herein provided are cumulative
and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

      SECTION 9.  Right of Set-Off.  In addition to and not  in
limitation of all rights of offset that the Guaranteed  Parties
may  have  under applicable law, the Guaranteed Parties  shall,
upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and whether or  not
the  Guaranteed Parties have made any demand or the  Guaranteed
Obligations  are  matured, have the right  to  appropriate  and
apply  to  the  payment  of  the  Guaranteed  Obligations,  all
indebtedness  or  property  then or  thereafter  owing  by  the
Guaranteed Parties to any Guarantor, whether or not related  to
this  Guarantee  or any transaction hereunder.  The  Guaranteed
Parties  shall  promptly notify the relevant Guarantor  of  any
offset hereunder.

       SECTION   10.    Continuing   Guarantee;   Transfer   of
Obligations.  This Guarantee is a continuing guaranty and shall
(i)  remain in full force and effect until payment in  full  of
the  Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under
this  Guarantee and the termination of the Agreement,  (ii)  be
binding  upon  each Guarantor, its successors and assigns,  and
(iii)  inure  to  the  benefit of and  be  enforceable  by  the
Guaranteed Parties.

     SECTION 11.  Governing Law.  THIS GUARANTEE AND THE RIGHTS
AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER, SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE  WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF  THE  STATE  OF
NEW  YORK  (WITHOUT  GIVING  EFFECT  TO  THE  CONFLICT  OF  LAW
PRINCIPLES THEREOF).

      SECTION 12.  Subordination of Parent's Obligations to the
Guarantors.  As an independent covenant, each Guarantor  hereby
expressly  covenants  and  agrees  for  the  benefit   of   the
Guaranteed  Parties  that all obligations  and  liabilities  of
Parent  to  such Guarantor of whatever description,  including,
without  limitation,  all  intercompany  receivables  of   such
Guarantor  from  Parent ("Junior Claims") shall be  subordinate
and junior in right of payment to all obligations of Parent  to
the Guaranteed Parties under the terms of the Agreement and the
other  documents,  instruments and  agreements  evidencing  any
Guaranteed Obligations ("Senior Claims").

     If an Event of Default shall occur, then, unless and until
such  Event of Default shall have been cured, waived, or  shall
have  ceased to exist, no direct or indirect payment (in  cash,
property, securities by setoff or otherwise) shall be  made  by
Parent  to  any  Guarantor on account of or in  any  manner  in
respect   of   any  Junior  Claim  except  such  payments   and
distributions  the proceeds of which shall be  applied  to  the
payment of Senior Claims.

     In the event of a Proceeding (as hereinafter defined), all
Senior Claims shall first be paid in full before any direct  or
indirect payment or distribution (in cash, property, securities
by  setoff  or  otherwise) shall be made to  any  Guarantor  on
account  of  or  in any manner in respect of any  Junior  Claim
except  such payments and distributions the proceeds  of  which
shall  be  applied to the payment of Senior  Claims.   For  the
purposes of the previous sentence, "Proceeding" means Parent or
any Guarantor shall commence a voluntary case concerning itself
under  the Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended (the "Bankruptcy
Code"),  or  any  other  applicable  bankruptcy  laws;  or  any
involuntary case is commenced against Parent or any  Guarantor;
or  a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code or any other
applicable  bankruptcy laws) is appointed for, or takes  charge
of,  all  or any substantial part of the property of Parent  or
any  Guarantor, or Parent or any Guarantor commences any  other
proceedings  under any reorganization, arrangement,  adjustment
of   debt,   relief  of  debtor,  dissolution,  insolvency   or
liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether  now  or
hereafter in effect relating to Parent or any Guarantor, or any
such  proceeding is commenced against Parent or any  Guarantor,
or   Parent  or  any  Guarantor  is  adjudicated  insolvent  or
bankrupt;  or any order of relief or other order approving  any
such  case or proceeding is entered; or Parent or any Guarantor
suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it  or
any  substantial  part  of  its  property;  or  Parent  or  any
Guarantor  makes  a  general  assignment  for  the  benefit  of
creditors;  or Parent or any Guarantor shall fail  to  pay,  or
shall  state  that it is unable to pay, or shall be  unable  to
pay,  its debts generally as they become due; or Parent or  any
Guarantor shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view  to
arranging  a composition or adjustment of its debts; or  Parent
or  any  Guarantor shall by any act or failure to act  indicate
its  consent  to, approval of or acquiescence  in  any  of  the
foregoing; or any corporate action shall be taken by Parent  or
any   Guarantor  for  the  purpose  of  effecting  any  of  the
foregoing.

       In   the  event  any  direct  or  indirect  payment   or
distribution  is made to a Guarantor in contravention  of  this
Section  12,  such  payment  or distribution  shall  be  deemed
received in trust for the benefit of the Guaranteed Parties and
shall  be  immediately paid over to the Guaranteed Parties  for
application  against the Guaranteed Obligations  in  accordance
with the terms of the Agreement.

     Each Guarantor agrees to execute such additional documents
as  the  Guaranteed Parties may reasonably request to  evidence
the subordination provided for in this Section 12.

      SECTION 13. Savings Clause.  (a) It is the intent of each
Guarantor  and  the  Guaranteed Parties that  each  Guarantor's
maximum obligations hereunder shall be, but not in excess of:

          (i)  in  a case or proceeding commenced by or against
     such Guarantor under the Bankruptcy Code on or within  one
     year  from  the  date  on  which  any  of  the  Guaranteed
     Obligations  are incurred, the maximum amount which  would
     not  otherwise  cause the Guaranteed Obligations  (or  any
     other  obligations  of such Guarantor  to  the  Guaranteed
     Parties)  to  be avoidable or unenforceable  against  such
     Guarantor under (A) Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code  or
     (B) any state fraudulent transfer or fraudulent conveyance
     act  or  statute  applied in such case  or  proceeding  by
     virtue of Section 544 of the Bankruptcy Code; or

          (ii)  in a case or proceeding commenced by or against
     such Guarantor under the Bankruptcy Code subsequent to one
     year  from  the  date  on  which  any  of  the  Guaranteed
     Obligations  are incurred, the maximum amount which  would
     not  otherwise  cause the Guaranteed Obligations  (or  any
     other  obligations  of  the Guarantor  to  the  Guaranteed
     Parties)  to  be avoidable or unenforceable  against  such
     Guarantor   under   any  state  fraudulent   transfer   or
     fraudulent conveyance act or statute applied in  any  such
     case  or  proceeding  by  virtue of  Section  544  of  the
     Bankruptcy Code; or

          (iii)      in  a case or proceeding commenced  by  or
     against   such  Guarantor  under  any  law,   statute   or
     regulation  other  than  the Bankruptcy  Code  (including,
     without  limitation, any other bankruptcy, reorganization,
     arrangement,    moratorium,    readjustment    of    debt,
     dissolution,  liquidation or similar debtor relief  laws),
     the  maximum  amount which would not otherwise  cause  the
     Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations  of  such
     Guarantor  to  the Guaranteed Parties) to be avoidable  or
     unenforceable  against  such  Guarantor  under  such  law,
     statute  or regulation including, without limitation,  any
     state fraudulent transfer or fraudulent conveyance act  or
     statute applied in any such case or proceeding.

(The  substantive  laws under which the possible  avoidance  or
unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations  (or  any  other
obligations of such Guarantor to the Guaranteed Parties)  shall
be  determined in any such case or proceeding shall hereinafter
be referred to as the "Avoidance Provisions").

          (b)   To the end set forth in Section 13(a), but only
     to  the  extent  that  the  Guaranteed  Obligations  would
     otherwise  be  subject to avoidance  under  the  Avoidance
     Provisions  if  (i) such Guarantor is not deemed  to  have
     received  valuable consideration, fair value or reasonably
     equivalent  value  for  the  Guaranteed  Obligations,  and
     (ii)  if  the  Guaranteed  Obligations  would  render  the
     Guarantor  insolvent,  or  leave  the  Guarantor  with  an
     unreasonably  small capital to conduct  its  business,  or
     cause  the  Guarantor to have incurred debts (or  to  have
     intended to have incurred debts) beyond its ability to pay
     such debts as they mature, in each case as of the time any
     of  the  Guaranteed Obligations are deemed  to  have  been
     incurred  under the Avoidance Provisions and after  giving
     effect  to  contribution as among Guarantors, the  maximum
     Guaranteed Obligations for which such Guarantor  shall  be
     liable  hereunder shall be reduced to that  amount  which,
     after   giving  effect  thereto,  would  not   cause   the
     Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations  of  such
     Guarantor to the Guaranteed Parties), as so reduced, to be
     subject to avoidance under the Avoidance Provisions.  This
     Section 13(b) is intended solely to preserve the rights of
     the  Guaranteed  Parties hereunder to the  maximum  extent
     that  would  not cause the Guaranteed Obligations  of  any
     Guarantor  to be subject to avoidance under the  Avoidance
     Provisions,  and  neither  such Guarantor  nor  any  other
     Person shall have any right or claim under this Section 13
     as against the Guaranteed Parties that would not otherwise
     be   available   to  such  Person  under   the   Avoidance
     Provisions.

      SECTION 14.  Information.  Each of the Guarantors assumes
all  responsibility  for being and keeping itself  informed  of
Parent's  financial  condition and assets,  and  of  all  other
circumstances  bearing  upon the  risk  of  nonpayment  of  the
Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of  the
risks  that  such Guarantor assumes and incurs  hereunder,  and
agrees  that none of the Guaranteed Parties will have any  duty
to  advise any of the Guarantors of information known to it  or
any of them regarding such circumstances or risks.

      SECTION  15.  Survival  of  Agreement.   All  agreements,
representations  and warranties made herein shall  survive  the
execution and delivery of this Guarantee.

       SECTION  16.   Counterparts.   This  Guarantee  and  any
amendments, waivers, consents or supplements may be executed in
any  number of counterparts and by different parties hereto  in
separate  counterparts,  each of which  when  so  executed  and
delivered   shall  be  deemed  an  original,   but   all   such
counterparts  together shall constitute but one  and  the  same
instrument.

      SECTION  17.  Additional Guarantors.  Upon execution  and
delivery  by any Subsidiary of Parent of an instrument  in  the
form  of this Guarantee, such Subsidiary of Parent shall become
a  Guarantor  hereunder with the same force and  effect  as  if
originally  named  a  Guarantor  herein  (each  an  "Additional
Guarantor").  The execution and delivery of any such instrument
shall not require the consent of any Guarantor hereunder.   The
rights and obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall remain
in  full force and effect notwithstanding the addition  of  any
Additional Guarantor as a party to this Guarantee.

     SECTION 18.  Successors and Assigns.  This Guarantee shall
be  binding upon the respective successors and assigns  of  the
Guarantors.  This Guarantee shall inure to the benefit  of  the
respective  successors and assigns of the  Guaranteed  Parties,
including any subsequent holder of any Notes.  No Guarantor may
assign its obligations hereunder to any other Person.

                  [Signatures on Next Page]
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Guarantor and Parent caused this
Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered by their respective
duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.


                           [GUARANTOR]


                           By:
                                 Name:
                                 Title:

                           Address for Notices:

                           c/o Ryan's Family Steak Houses, Inc.
                           405 Lancaster Avenue
                           Greer, South Carolina 29650
                           Attention:  Vice President, Finance/
                                     Chief Financial Officer
SECTION 12 OF THE
FOREGOING GUARANTEE
ACKNOWLEDGED AND
AGREED TO:

RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.


By:
     Name:
     Title:

           EXHIBIT 4.11(b) TO NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                [Form of Contribution Agreement]


                     CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

          THIS  CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, dated as of July 25, 2003
(as  amended,  supplemented, restated or otherwise modified  from
time to time, this "Contribution Agreement"), by and among RYAN'S
FAMILY  STEAK  HOUSES,  INC. (together with  its  successors  and
permitted   assigns,  "Parent"),  a  corporation  organized   and
existing under the laws of the State of South Carolina, and  each
of  the undersigned signatories hereto as Guarantors (each of the
undersigned  (other than Parent), together with their  respective
successors   and   assigns,  individually   a   "Guarantor"   and
collectively  the "Guarantors") for the purpose  of  establishing
rights  and  obligations of contribution among the Guarantors  in
connection with the Guarantee Agreement (as such term is  defined
below).

                         R E C I T A L S

     WHEREAS,  Parent has entered into that certain Note Purchase
Agreement  dated  as of July 25, 2003 (as amended,  supplemented,
restated   or   otherwise  modified  from  time  to   time,   the
"Agreement")  with  the  investors party  thereto  (collectively,
together   with   their   respective  successors   and   assigns,
individually   a   "Guaranteed  Party"   and   collectively   the
"Guaranteed Parties"), pursuant to which Parent has issued to the
Guaranteed  Parties  its 4.65% Senior Notes  due  July  25,  2013
(collectively,  as amended, supplemented, restated  or  otherwise
modified from time to time, the "Notes," such term to include any
such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13
of   the  Agreement),  in  the  aggregate  principal  amount   of
$100,000,000;

     WHEREAS,  the obligation of Guaranteed Parties  to  purchase
the  Notes  under  the Agreement is conditioned on,  among  other
things,  the  provision of a Contribution Agreement in  the  form
hereof;

     WHEREAS,  the  Guarantors have entered into  the  Subsidiary
Guarantee   Agreement  dated  as  of  even  date  herewith   (the
"Guarantee  Agreement"), pursuant to which such  Guarantors  have
agreed to guarantee all the obligations of Parent pursuant to the
Agreement and all other Guaranteed Obligations; and

     WHEREAS,  as  a result of transactions contemplated  by  the
Agreement,   Guarantors   will  benefit   from   the   Guaranteed
Obligations  and in consideration thereof desire  to  enter  into
this  Contribution  Agreement to provide  a  fair  and  equitable
arrangement to make contributions in the event payments are  made
under the Guarantee Agreement.

     NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing  premises
and  for  other good and valuable consideration, the receipt  and
sufficiency  of  which are hereby acknowledged, Parent  and  each
Guarantor hereby agree as follows:

     SECTION 1.     Contribution and Subrogation.  Each Guarantor
agrees  (subject to Section 2) that in the event a payment  shall
be  made by any Guarantor under the Guarantee Agreement or assets
of  any  Guarantor  shall  be sold to  satisfy  a  claim  of  any
Guaranteed  Party, and such Guarantor (the "Claiming  Guarantor")
shall  not  have been indemnified by Parent, each other Guarantor
(a   "Contributing  Guarantor")  shall  indemnify  the   Claiming
Guarantor in an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
greater  of  the  book  value or the fair market  value  of  such
assets,  as  the  case  may be, multiplied  by  a  fraction,  the
numerator  of  which shall be the net worths of the  Contributing
Guarantor on the date hereof, and the denominator of which  shall
be  the  sum of the net worth of all the Guarantors on  the  date
hereof.   Any  Contributing Guarantor making  any  payment  to  a
Claiming Guarantor pursuant to this Section 1 shall be subrogated
to  the rights of such Claiming Guarantor under this Section 1 to
the extent of such payment.

     SECTION 2.     Subordination.  Notwithstanding any provision
of  this  Agreement  to  the contrary,  (i)  all  rights  of  the
Guarantors  under Section 1 and all other rights of indemnity  or
contribution  under applicable law or otherwise  shall  be  fully
subordinated to the indefeasible payment in full in cash  of  the
Guaranteed  Obligations,  and  (ii)  no  such  rights  shall   be
exercised until all of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been
irrevocably  paid  in full in cash and the Agreement  shall  have
been irrevocably terminated.  If any amount shall be paid to  any
Guarantor on account of such indemnity or contribution rights  at
any  time  when all of the Guaranteed Obligations shall not  have
been paid in full in cash, such amount shall be held in trust for
the benefit of the Guaranteed Parties and shall forthwith be paid
to  the  Guaranteed Parties to be credited and applied  upon  the
Guaranteed  Obligations  in accordance  with  the  terms  of  the
Agreement.  No failure on the part of any Guarantor to  make  the
payments  required  by Section 1 (or any other payments  required
under applicable law or otherwise) shall in any respect limit the
obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor with respect to  the
Guarantee  Agreement, and each Guarantor shall remain liable  for
the  full  amount of the obligations of such Guarantor under  the
Guarantee Agreement.

     SECTION 3.     Allocation.  If at any time there exists more
than  one  Claiming  Guarantor  with  respect  to  the  Guarantee
Agreement,  then payment from other Guarantors pursuant  to  this
Contribution  Agreement shall be allocated  among  such  Claiming
Guarantors in proportion to the total amount of money paid for or
on  account  of the Guaranteed Obligations by each such  Claiming
Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.

     SECTION  4.      Preservation of Rights.  This  Contribution
Agreement shall not limit or affect any right which any Guarantor
may have against any other Person that is not a party hereto.

     SECTION   5.       Subsidiary  Payment.    The   amount   of
contribution  payable under this Contribution  Agreement  by  any
Guarantor  with  respect  to  the Guarantee  Agreement  shall  be
reduced  by  the amount of any contribution paid hereunder  by  a
Subsidiary  of  such  Guarantor with  respect  to  the  Guarantee
Agreement.

     SECTION  6.      Asset  Sale.  If all of the  stock  of  any
Guarantor  shall be sold or otherwise disposed of  (including  by
merger  or consolidation) in an asset sale not prohibited by  the
Agreement  or  otherwise consented to by the  Guaranteed  Parties
under  the  Agreement, the agreements of such Guarantor hereunder
shall  automatically  be  discharged  and  released  without  any
further action by such Guarantor and shall be assumed in full  by
the  corporation which prior to such asset sale or consent  owned
the  stock  of such Guarantor, effective as of the time  of  such
asset  sale  or consent.  Parent shall cause any such corporation
which  is  not a Guarantor to become a party to this Contribution
Agreement and the Guarantee Agreement unless otherwise agreed  in
writing by the Guaranteed Parties.

     SECTION 7.     Equitable Allocation.  If as a result of  any
reorganization,  recapitalization or other  corporate  change  in
Parent  or  any  of  its Subsidiaries, or  as  a  result  of  any
amendment,  waiver  or modification of the terms  and  conditions
governing  the  Guarantee  Agreement or  any  of  the  Guaranteed
Obligations,  or  for  any other reason, the contributions  under
this  Contribution  Agreement  become  inequitable,  the  parties
hereto   shall   promptly  modify  and  amend  this  Contribution
Agreement   to   provide   for   an   equitable   allocation   of
contributions.  All such modifications and amendments shall be in
writing and signed by all parties hereto.

     SECTION  8.      Asset  of Party to Which  Contribution  and
Indemnification  Are Owing.  The parties hereto acknowledge  that
the  right  to  contribution and indemnification hereunder  shall
each  constitute  an asset in favor of the party  to  which  such
contribution or indemnification is owing.

     SECTION  9.      Successors and Assigns;  Amendments.   This
Contribution  Agreement shall be binding upon each  party  hereto
and  its respective successors and assigns and shall inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns.  None of any Guarantor's rights or any interest  therein
under  this Contribution Agreement may be assigned or transferred
without  the written consent of the Guaranteed Parties.   In  the
event  of  any  such  transfer or assignment  of  rights  by  any
Guarantor, the rights and privileges herein conferred  upon  that
Guarantor  shall automatically extend to and be  vested  in  such
transferee  or assignee, all subject to the terms and  conditions
hereof.  This Contribution Agreement shall not be amended without
the  prior  written consent of the Guarantors and the  Guaranteed
Parties.

     SECTION 10.    Termination.  This Contribution Agreement, as
it  may be modified or amended from time to time, shall remain in
effect,   and  shall  not  be  terminated  as  to  the  Guarantee
Agreement,  until the Guarantee Agreement has been discharged  or
otherwise satisfied in accordance with its terms.

     SECTION  11.    CHOICE OF LAW.  THIS CONTRIBUTION  AGREEMENT
SHALL  BE  GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED  AND  ENFORCED  IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

     SECTION  12.     Counterparts.  This Contribution  Agreement
and  any  amendments,  waivers, consents or  supplements  may  be
executed  in  any  number of counterparts and  by  the  different
parties  hereto in separate counterparts, each of which  when  so
executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all  such
counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

     SECTION  13.     Additional Guarantors.  Upon execution  and
delivery, after the date hereof, by a Subsidiary of Parent of  an
instrument  in  the  form  of this Contribution  Agreement,  such
Subsidiary of Parent shall become a Guarantor hereunder with  the
same  force  and  effect as if originally named  as  a  Guarantor
hereunder.    The  rights  and  obligations  of  each   Guarantor
hereunder  shall  remain in full force and effect notwithstanding
the addition of any new Guarantor as a party to this Contribution
Agreement.

     SECTION  14.    Severability.  In case any provision  in  or
obligation  under this Contribution Agreement shall  be  invalid,
illegal  or  unenforceable  in  any jurisdiction,  the  validity,
legality  or  enforceability  of  the  remaining  provisions   or
obligations,  or  of such provision or obligation  in  any  other
jurisdiction,  shall  not  in any way  be  affected  or  impaired
thereby.

     SECTION 15.    Addresses for Notices.  All notices and other
communications  provided  for  hereunder  shall  be  in   writing
(including  telegraphic  or telecopy communication)  and  mailed,
telegraphed,  telecopied  or  delivered,  if  to  any  Guarantor,
addressed  to it at the address set forth for such party  in  the
Guarantee  Agreement, and if to any other party, at  the  address
set  forth for such party in the Agreement.  All such notices and
other  communications  shall be given and  deemed  to  have  been
received as provided by the terms of the Agreement.

     SECTION  16.   Defined  Terms.  All capitalized  terms  used
herein and not defined herein shall have their respective defined
meanings as set forth or used in the Guarantee Agreement.


                    [Signatures on Next Page]
     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Parent and the Guarantors  have  duly
executed this Contribution Agreement as of the day and year first
above written.


                           RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.


                           By:
                                 Title:

                           THE GUARANTORS:

                           [GUARANTOR]


                           By:
                                 Title:

                           Address for Notices:

                           c/o Ryan's Family Steak Houses, Inc.
                           405 Lancaster Avenue
                           Greer, South Carolina 29650
                           Attn:  Vice President, Finance/Chief
Financial Officer


                                                     EXHIBIT 4.12


     [FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT]


                                                     EXHIBIT 4.13


         [FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED PLEDGE AGREEMENT]

                                                      EXHIBIT 9.7


                   [FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT]


     THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of
___________, is entered into between _________________, a
________________ (the "New Subsidiary") and BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A., in its capacity as Collateral Agent (the "Collateral
Agent") under that certain Pledge Agreement dated as of January
28, 2000 (as amended, modified, extended, renewed or restated
from time to time, the "Pledge Agreement") among RYAN'S FAMILY
STEAK HOUSES, INC., a South Carolina Corporation (the "Company"),
the Domestic Subsidiaries of the Company (individually, a
"Pledgor" and together with the Company, the "Pledgors") and the
Collateral Agent.  All capitalized terms used herein, unless
otherwise defined, shall have the meanings set forth in the
Pledge Agreement.

     The New Subsidiary and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of the Purchasers, hereby agree as follows:

     1.   The New Subsidiary hereby (a) acknowledges, agrees and
confirms that, by its execution of this Agreement, the New
Subsidiary will be deemed a party to the Pledge Agreement as a
Pledgor, (b) acknowledges and agrees that its obligations under
the Note Purchase Agreement are secured in accordance with the
terms of the Pledge Agreement and the other Collateral Documents
and that the Purchasers may exercise their remedies thereunder in
accordance with the terms thereof and (c) pledges and grants to
the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Purchasers, a
security interest in the Pledged Capital Stock (as defined in the
Pledge Agreement) identified on Schedule A attached hereto and
all of the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Pledge
Agreement).  The New Subsidiary hereby represents and warrants to
the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers that (a) set forth on
Schedule B attached hereto are the chief executive offices and
principal place of business of the New Subsidiary, (b) set forth
on Schedule C attached hereto is a complete and accurate list of
all Subsidiaries of the New Subsidiary and (d) set forth on
Schedule D attached hereto are any tradenames of the New
Subsidiary.  Each of Schedule 4.9 and Schedule 5.4 of the Note
Purchase Agreement and Schedule 2(a) of the Pledge Agreement are
hereby deemed amended to include the information on Schedule A
through Schedule D attached hereto, as applicable.

     2.   If required, the New Subsidiary is, simultaneously with the
execution of this Agreement, executing and delivering such
Collateral Documents (and such other documents and instruments)
as reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in accordance
with Section 9.7 of the Note Purchase Agreement.

     3.   The address of the New Subsidiary for purposes of Section 18
of the Note Purchase Agreement is as follows:

                  ____________________________
                  ____________________________
                  ____________________________
                  ____________________________


     4.   This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall
be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the
same instrument.

     5.   THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Subsidiary has caused this
Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized officer, as of
the day and year first above written.

                                   [NEW SUBSIDIARY]


                                   By:___________________________
_____
                                   Name:_________________________
____
                                   Title:________________________
______

Acknowledged and Accepted:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Collateral Agent


By:________________________________
Name:_____________________________
Title:______________________________
                           SCHEDULE A



                      PLEDGED CAPITAL STOCK


                           SCHEDULE B



                       LOCATION OF OFFICES


                           SCHEDULE C



                          SUBSIDIARIES



                           SCHEDULE D



                           TRADENAMES






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
