<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>exhibit10-f.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-F
<TEXT>







                         CROWN CORK & SEAL COMPANY, INC.

                                   ISSUANCE BY

                               CARNAUDMETALBOX SA

                   (TO BE RENAMED CROWN EUROPEAN HOLDINGS SA)

                                       OF

       $1,085,000,000 9 1/2% Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2011

     (euro)285,000,000 10 1/4% Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2011

        $725,000,000 10 7/8% Third Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2013

                               Purchase Agreement
                               ------------------


                                                       New York, New York
                                                       February 11, 2003


Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
   As Representatives of the several Initial
   Purchasers named in Schedule I hereto
c/o Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
388 Greenwich Street
New York, New York  10013

Ladies and Gentlemen:

                  Crown Cork & Seal Company,  Inc., a  Pennsylvania  corporation
("CCK"),  and the indirect parent company of  CarnaudMetalBox  SA (to be renamed
Crown  European  Holdings  SA), a societe  anonyme  organized  under the laws of
France (the "Company"),  proposes that the Company issue and sell to the several
purchasers named in Schedule I hereto (the "Initial  Purchasers"),  for whom you
(the "Representatives") are acting as representatives,  $1,085,000,000 aggregate
principal  amount of its 9 1/2% Second  Priority  Senior  Secured Notes due 2011
(the "Dollar Second  Priority  Notes"),  (euro)285,000,000  aggregate  principal
amount of its 10 1/4% Second  Priority  Senior Secured Notes due 2011 (the "Euro
Second Priority Notes" and,  together with the Dollar Second Priority Notes, the
"Second Priority Notes") and $725,000,000  aggregate  principal amount of its 10
7/8% Third Priority  Senior Secured Notes due 2013 (the "Third  Priority  Notes"
and, together with the Second Priority Notes, the "Notes").  The Second Priority
Notes will be issued  pursuant to an  indenture  to be dated as of February  26,
2003 (the "Second Priority Notes Indenture") among the Company,  Crown Holdings,
Inc., a Pennsylvania  corporation  ("Crown Holdings"),  as guarantor,  the other
guarantors  named in  Schedule  II hereto  (together  with Crown  Holdings,  the
"Guarantors" and, together with the Company, the "Issuers") and Wells Fargo Bank
Minnesota,   National  Association,  as  trustee  (the  "Second  Priority  Notes
Trustee").  The Third Priority Notes will be issued  pursuant to an indenture to
be dated as of February  26, 2003 (the "Third  Priority  Notes  Indenture"  and,
together with the Second Priority Notes Indenture,  the "Indentures")  among the
Issuers and Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota,  National  Association,  as trustee (the
"Third  Priority  Notes  Trustee" and,  together with the Second  Priority Notes
Trustee, the "Trustees"). The Second Priority Notes will have the benefit of the
guarantees (the "Second Priority Note Guarantees" and,  together with the Second
Priority Notes,  the "Second  Priority  Securities")  provided for in the Second
Priority Notes Indenture.  The Third Priority Notes will have the benefit of the
guarantees (the "Third Priority Note  Guarantees"  and,  together with the Third
Priority Notes, the "Third Priority  Securities"  and,  together with the Second
Priority Securities,  the "Securities") provided for in the Third Priority Notes
Indenture.  To the extent there are no additional purchasers named in Schedule I

<PAGE>


hereto other than you, the term Representatives as used herein shall mean you as
the Initial  Purchasers,  and the terms  Representatives  and Initial Purchasers
shall mean either the singular or plural as the context requires. The use of the
neuter in this  Agreement  shall  include the  feminine and  masculine  wherever
appropriate. Certain terms used herein are defined in Section 17 hereof. As used
in this  Agreement,  "Parent" means (i) CCK for all periods prior to the Closing
Date and (ii) Crown Holdings from and after the Closing Date.

                  Holders of the Second  Priority  Securities will also have the
benefit of a registration  rights  agreement to be dated as of February 26, 2003
(the "Second Priority Notes  Registration  Rights  Agreement") among the Issuers
and the Initial  Purchasers.  Holders of the Third Priority Securities will also
have the benefit of a registration  rights  agreement to be dated as of February
26, 2003 (the "Third Priority Notes Registration Rights Agreement" and, together
with the Second Priority Notes Registration Rights Agreement,  the "Registration
Rights  Agreements") among the Issuers and the Initial  Purchasers.  Pursuant to
the  Registration  Rights  Agreements,  the Issuers  will agree to register  the
Securities under the Act subject to the terms and conditions therein specified.

                  Pursuant  to  the  Security   Documents  (as  defined  in  the
Indentures),  which  include  the  Intercreditor  Agreements  (as defined in the
Indentures), the Second Priority Securities will be secured by a second priority
lien on the  Collateral  (as defined in the  Indentures)  and the Third Priority
Securities will be secured by a third priority lien on the  Collateral,  in each
case subject to certain exceptions and otherwise in accordance with the terms of
the  Indentures  and  the  Security  Documents  and as  described  in the  Final
Memorandum (as defined below);  provided that, to the extent  applicable  French
law does not  recognize  the  concept  of second or third  priority  liens  with
respect to assets  located in France,  the Security  Documents will provide that
holders of Notes and other  creditors  secured by a lien over such French assets
will have pari passu security  interests as a matter of French law, the order of
priority among the holders of Notes and such other  creditors  being  determined
pursuant to the Euro Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Indentures).  In
addition,  the Trustees, on behalf of the holders of the Securities,  will enter
into the Proceeds Sharing Agreement (as defined in the Indentures).

                  The  Securities  are  being  issued  in  connection  with  the
refinancing plan of CCK, as described in the Final Memorandum (the  "Refinancing
Plan"). In connection with the Refinancing Plan, the Company,  Crown Cork & Seal
Americas,  Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation ("Crown Americas" and, together with
the Company, the "Borrowers") and the guarantors party thereto will enter into a
credit  agreement to be dated as of February  26, 2003 (the  "Credit  Facility")
with the lenders  party  thereto,  as  described in the Final  Memorandum.  This
Agreement, the Securities,  the Indentures,  the Registration Rights Agreements,
the Security  Documents,  the Proceeds Sharing  Agreement and the agreements and
instruments to which Parent or any of its  subsidiaries is a signatory  relating
to the Credit Facility  collectively  are referred to herein as the "Transaction
Documents."

                  The sale of the Securities to the Initial  Purchasers  will be
made  without  registration  of the  Securities  under the Act in reliance  upon
exemptions from the registration requirements of the Act.

                  In  connection  with the sale of the  Securities,  the Issuers
have  prepared a  preliminary  offering  memorandum  dated  January 29, 2003 (as
amended or supplemented  at the Execution  Time,  including any and all exhibits
thereto and any information  incorporated by reference therein, the "Preliminary
Memorandum") and a final offering memorandum dated February 11, 2003 (as amended
or supplemented at the Execution  Time,  including any and all exhibits  thereto
and any information  incorporated by reference therein, the "Final Memorandum").
Each of the Preliminary  Memorandum and the Final  Memorandum sets forth certain
information  concerning  the Issuers  and the  Securities.  The  Issuers  hereby
confirm that they have authorized the use of the Preliminary  Memorandum and the
Final Memorandum,  and any amendment or supplement  thereto,  in connection with
the offer and sale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers. Unless stated to
the  contrary,  any  references  herein to the  terms  "amend",  "amendment"  or



                                       -2-
<PAGE>

"supplement"  with respect to the Final  Memorandum  shall be deemed to refer to
and include any  information  filed under the  Exchange  Act  subsequent  to the
Execution Time which is incorporated by reference therein.

     1.  Representations  and  Warranties.  The Issuers,  jointly and severally,
represent  and  warrant to each  Initial  Purchaser  as set forth  below in this
Section 1 (subject  to, with  respect to the  Company,  the  realization  of the
conditions set forth in Section 20 hereof and the execution of this Agreement).

         (a) The Preliminary Memorandum, at the date thereof, did not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. At the Execution Time and on the
Closing Date (as defined below), the Final Memorandum did not, and will not (and
any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date thereof and at the Closing
Date, will not), contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that the Issuers make no representation or warranty as to the
information contained in or omitted from the Preliminary Memorandum or the Final
Memorandum, or any amendment or supplement thereto, in reliance upon and in
conformity with information furnished in writing to the Issuers by or on behalf
of the Initial Purchasers through the Representatives specifically for inclusion
therein.

         (b) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of them (other than the Initial Purchasers as to which
the Issuers make no representation or warranty), has, directly or indirectly,
made offers or sales of any security, or solicited offers to buy any security,
under circumstances that would require the registration of the Securities under
the Act. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the
Initial Purchasers in Section 4 of this Agreement, it is not necessary in
connection with the offer, sale and delivery of the Securities to the Initial
Purchasers or the initial resale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers, in
each case, in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, to register any of the
Securities under the Act or to qualify either Indenture under the Trust
Indenture Act.

         (c) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of them (other than the Initial Purchasers as to which
the Issuers make no representation or warranty), has engaged in any form of
general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D)
in connection with any offer or sale of the Securities in the United States.

         (d) The Securities satisfy the eligibility requirements of Rule
144A(d)(3) under the Act.

         (e) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of them (other than the Initial Purchasers as to which
the Issuers make no representation or warranty), has engaged in any directed
selling efforts with respect to the Securities, and each of the Issuers and
their respective Affiliates has complied with the offering restrictions
requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings
given to them by Regulation S.

         (f) No securities of any of the Issuers are of the same class (within
the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act) as any of the Securities and listed on a
national securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act or
quoted in a U.S. automated inter-dealer quotation system.

         (g) None of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including,
without limitation, the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities),
will violate or result in a violation of


                                       -3-
<PAGE>


         Section 7 of the Exchange Act, or any regulation promulgated
thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulations T, U or X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

         (h) The Issuers have been advised by the NASD's PORTAL Market that the
Dollar Second Priority Notes and the Third Priority Notes have been designated
PORTAL-eligible securities in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
NASD. Application has been made to list the Euro Second Priority Notes on the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuers have used their best efforts to have the
Euro Second Priority Notes approved for trading on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange.

         (i) None of the Issuers or their respective subsidiaries is, and after
giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of
the proceeds thereof as described in the Final Memorandum none of them will be,
required to register as an "investment company" or a company "controlled by" an
"investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act.

         (j) Parent is subject to the reporting requirements of, and has timely
filed all material required to be filed by it pursuant to, Section 13 or Section
15(d) of the Exchange Act.

         (k) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates has paid or
agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase
any securities of any of them (except as contemplated by this Agreement).

         (l) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates has taken,
directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or which has constituted or
which might reasonably be expected to cause or result, under the Exchange Act or
otherwise, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
any of them to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

         (m) The information to be provided by the Issuers pursuant to Section
5(h) hereof will not, at the date thereof, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.


         (n) The statements set forth or referenced under the headings  "Crown's
Business--Legal    Proceedings",    "Description   of   Certain   Indebtedness",
"Description of the Notes",  "Exchange Offer;  Registration Rights" and "Certain
Tax Considerations" in the Final Memorandum fairly summarize the matters therein
described.

         (o) The statistical and market-related data included in the Final
Memorandum are based on or derived from sources which Parent believes to be
reliable and accurate in all material respects.

         (p) There are no contracts, agreements or other documents or pending
legal or governmental proceedings to which any of the Issuers or their
respective subsidiaries is a party or any property of any of the Issuers or
their respective subsidiaries is subject that would be required to be described
in a prospectus under the Act that have not been described in the Final
Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). The contracts,
agreements and other documents so described in the Final Memorandum are in full
force and effect on the date of this Agreement. None of the Issuers or their
respective subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of any Issuer, any other party is
in breach of or default under any such contracts, agreements or other documents,
other than a breach or default that would not reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on (i) the issue and sale of the Securities or the
consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
or of the Refinancing Plan or (ii) the condition (financial or otherwise),
prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company, individually, or of

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from
transactions in the ordinary course of business ("Material Adverse Effect").

         (q) Parent and each of its subsidiaries has been duly organized and is
validly existing as a corporation or other legal entity in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, with full corporate or
other statutory power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and
operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Final
Memorandum. Parent and each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business
as a foreign corporation or other legal entity and is in good standing under the
laws of each jurisdiction which requires such qualification, except where the
failure to do so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

         (r) Parent does not have any material subsidiaries other than (i) the
Company, (ii) the other Guarantors and (iii) the subsidiaries listed on Schedule
III hereto. All the outstanding shares of capital stock of each subsidiary of
Parent have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable, and, except as set forth on Schedule III hereto or as otherwise
set forth in the Final Memorandum, all outstanding shares of capital stock of
such subsidiaries are owned by Parent, either directly or through wholly owned
subsidiaries, free and clear of any perfected security interest or any other
security interests, claims, liens or encumbrances, except for any such perfected
security interests, or other security interests, claims, liens or encumbrances
that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or
an Event of Default (as defined in the Indentures).

         (s) Parent's capitalization is as set forth in the "Actual" column of
the table set forth under the heading "Capitalization" in the Final Memorandum.
On the Closing Date, Parent's capitalization will be consistent in all material
respects with the "As Adjusted" column of the table set forth under the heading
"Capitalization" in the Final Memorandum.

         (t) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by
each of the Issuers and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
thereof by the Representatives, constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of each of the Issuers, enforceable against each of the Issuers in
accordance with its terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).

         (u) The Second Priority Notes Indenture has been duly authorized by
each of the Issuers and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
thereof by the Second Priority Notes Trustee, when executed and delivered by
each of the Issuers, will constitute the legal, valid and binding instrument of
each of the Issuers, enforceable against each of the Issuers in accordance with
its terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or
other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights generally from
time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and the discretion of
the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought regardless of
whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). The
Second Priority Notes Indenture meets the requirements for qualification under
the Trust Indenture Act.

         (v) The Second Priority Notes have been duly authorized by the Company
and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the
Second Priority Notes Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Initial
Purchasers in accordance with the terms hereof, will have been duly executed and
delivered by the Company and will constitute the legal, valid and binding

                                      -5-

<PAGE>


obligations of the Company, entitled to the benefits of the Second Priority
Notes Indenture and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their
terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or
other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights generally from
time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and the discretion of
the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought regardless of
whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

         (w) The Second Priority Note Guarantees have been duly authorized by
the Guarantors and, when the Second Priority Notes have been executed in
accordance with the provisions of the Second Priority Notes Indenture, will have
been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantors and will constitute legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Guarantors, entitled to the benefits of the
Second Priority Notes Indenture and enforceable against the Guarantors in
accordance with their terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject
to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).

         (x) The Third Priority Notes Indenture has been duly authorized by each
of the Issuers and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
thereof by the Third Priority Notes Trustee, when executed and delivered by each
of the Issuers, will constitute the legal, valid and binding instrument of each
of the Issuers, enforceable against each of the Issuers in accordance with its
terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or
other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights generally from
time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and the discretion of
the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought regardless of
whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). The
Third Priority Notes Indenture meets the requirements for qualification under
the Trust Indenture Act.

         (y) The Third Priority Notes have been duly authorized by the Company,
and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the
Third Priority Notes Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Initial
Purchasers in accordance with the terms hereof, will have been duly executed and
delivered by the Company and will constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Company, entitled to the benefits of the Third Priority Notes
Indenture and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms
(except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other laws of
general applicability affecting creditors' rights generally from time to time in
effect and to general principles of equity and the discretion of the court
before which any proceeding therefor may be brought regardless of whether such
enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

         (z) The Third Priority Note Guarantees have been duly authorized by the
Guarantors and, when the Third Priority Notes have been executed in accordance
with the provisions of the Third Priority Notes Indenture, will have been duly
executed and delivered by the Guarantors and will constitute legal, valid and
binding obligations of the Guarantors, entitled to the benefits of the Third
Priority Notes Indenture and enforceable against the Guarantors in accordance
with their terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).

                                      -6-
<PAGE>


         (aa) The Second Priority Notes Registration Rights Agreement has been
duly authorized by each of the Issuers and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery thereof by the Representatives, when executed and
delivered by each of the Issuers, will constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligation of each of the Issuers, enforceable against each of the Issuers in
accordance with its terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).

         (bb) The Third Priority Notes Registration Rights Agreement has been
duly authorized by each of the Issuers and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery thereof by the Representatives when executed and
delivered by each of the Issuers, will constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligation of each of the Issuers, enforceable against each of the Issuers in
accordance with its terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).

         (cc) No holder of securities of any of the Issuers will be entitled to
have such securities registered under the registration statements required to be
filed by the Issuers pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreements other than
as expressly permitted thereby.

         (dd) Each of the Intercreditor Agreements has been duly authorized by
the Issuers party thereto and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery thereof by each of the other parties thereto, when executed and
delivered by each such Issuer, will constitute legal, valid and binding
obligations of each such Issuer, enforceable against each such Issuer in
accordance with its terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).

         (ee) Each of the other Security Documents has been duly authorized by
the Issuers party thereto and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery thereof by each of the other parties thereto, when executed and
delivered by each such Issuer, will constitute legal, valid and binding
obligations of each such Issuer, enforceable against each such Issuer in
accordance with its terms (except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other laws of general applicability affecting creditors' rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).

         (ff) The Security Documents, once executed and delivered, will create,
in favor of the Second Priority Notes Trustee for the benefit of the Second
Priority Notes Trustee and the holders of the Second Priority Notes, a valid and
enforceable, and upon the filing or recording of the appropriate financing
statements, mortgages and similar instruments with the appropriate governmental
authorities (and the payment of the appropriate filing or recording fees and any
applicable taxes) and the delivery of the applicable documents to the applicable
Collateral Agent (as defined in the Second Priority Notes Indenture) in
accordance with the provisions of the Security Documents, a perfected security
interest in all Collateral, superior to and prior to the Liens (as defined in
the Second Priority Notes Indenture) of all third persons other than the Liens
securing Parent's and its subsidiaries obligations with the Credit Facility and
subject to no other Liens other than Permitted Collateral Liens (as defined in

                                      -7-

<PAGE>


the Second Priority Notes Indenture), it being understood that for French assets
secured by a Lien, the holders of Second Priority Notes will have their priority
on the Liens over such French assets effectively enforced pursuant to the Euro
Intercreditor Agreement.

         (gg) The Security Documents, once executed and delivered, will create,
in favor of the Third Priority Notes Trustee for the benefit of the Third
Priority Notes Trustee and the holders of the Third Priority Notes, a valid and
enforceable, and upon the filing or recording of the appropriate financing
statements, mortgages and similar instruments with the appropriate governmental
authorities (and the payment of the appropriate filing or recording fees and any
applicable taxes) and the delivery of the applicable documents to the applicable
Collateral Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Security Documents, a
perfected security interest in all Collateral, superior to and prior to the
Liens (as defined in the Third Priority Notes Indenture) of all third persons
other than the Liens securing Parent's and its subsidiaries obligations with the
Credit Facility and Liens securing the Issuer's obligations under the Second
Priority Securities and subject to no other Liens other than Permitted
Collateral Liens (as defined in the Third Priority Notes Indenture), it being
understood that for French assets secured by a Lien, the holders of Third
Priority Notes will have their priority on the Liens over such French assets
effectively enforced pursuant to the Euro Intercreditor Agreement.

         (hh) Each other Transaction Document has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by each Issuer a party thereto and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the other parties thereto,
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each such Issuer,
enforceable against each such Issuer in accordance with its terms (except that
the enforcement thereof may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other laws of general
applicability affecting creditors' rights generally from time to time in effect
and to general principles of equity and the discretion of the court before which
any proceeding therefor may be brought regardless of whether such enforcement is
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

         (ii) The documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference in
the Final Memorandum, when they became effective or were filed with the
Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects
with the requirements of the Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of
such documents contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

         (jj) No consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of any
court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents or otherwise in
connection with the Refinancing Plan, except (i) in the case of compliance with
the terms of the Registration Rights Agreements such as will be obtained under
the Act and the Trust Indenture Act, (ii) such as may be required under the blue
sky laws of any state in connection with the purchase and distribution of the
Securities by the Initial Purchasers in the manner contemplated herein and in
the Final Memorandum and the Registration Rights Agreements and (iii) such
filings and recordings with governmental authorities as may be required to
record or perfect liens under the Security Documents, and except where the
failure to obtain the same would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

         (kk) None of the execution and delivery by any of the Issuers party
thereto of any of the Transaction Documents, the issue and sale of the
Securities, the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents or of the Refinancing Plan will conflict with, result in a

                                      -8-

<PAGE>

breach or violation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any
property or assets of any of the Issuers or their respective subsidiaries
pursuant to (i) the organizational documents of Parent or any of its
subsidiaries; (ii) the terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed
of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation,
condition, covenant or instrument to which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is
a party or bound or to which any property or assets of Parent or any of its
subsidiaries is subject; or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries or any property
or assets of Parent or any of its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body,
administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having
jurisdiction over Parent or any of its subsidiaries or property or assets of any
of its subsidiaries, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or to
materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of the Securities or of
the Initial Purchasers under the Transaction Documents.

         (ll) The consolidated historical financial statements and schedules of
CCK and its consolidated subsidiaries included in the Final Memorandum present
fairly in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of CCK and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates and for
the periods indicated, comply as to form in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Act and have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
throughout the periods involved (except as otherwise noted therein). The
selected historical financial data set forth under the caption "Selected
Historical Financial Data" in the Final Memorandum comply as to form in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Act and have been
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on
a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as otherwise noted
therein). The summary historical financial data set forth under the caption
"Summary--Summary Historical and Pro Forma Financial Data" in the Final
Memorandum fairly present, on the basis stated in the Final Memorandum, the
information included therein. The pro forma financial statements included in the
Final Memorandum include assumptions that provide a reasonable basis for
presenting the significant effects directly attributable to the transactions and
events described therein, the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate
effect to those assumptions, and the pro forma adjustments reflect the proper
application of those adjustments to the historical amounts in the pro forma
financial statements included in the Final Memorandum. The pro forma financial
statements included in the Final Memorandum comply as to form in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of Regulation S-X under the Act
(except for the unaudited pro forma consolidated condensed statement of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2002 which does not comply as to form
in all material respects with the applicable requirements of Regulation S-X
under the Act solely because it is for a period other than a period required by
Regulation S-X), and the pro forma adjustments have been properly applied to the
historical amounts in the compilation of such statements.

         (mm) Other than as set forth in the Final Memorandum, no action, suit
or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body
or any arbitrator involving Parent or any of its subsidiaries or any property or
assets of Parent or any of its subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of
Parent, threatened that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

         (nn) Parent and each of its subsidiaries owns or leases all such
properties as are necessary to the conduct of its operations as presently
conducted. Parent and each of its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to,
or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property
interests in, or is licensed to use, all its material properties and assets,
except for minor defects that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its
business as currently conducted or utilize such properties and assets for their
intended purposes, and except where failure to have such title, leasehold
interests, easements or other limited property interests or licenses to use, in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

Effect. All material properties and assets of Parent and its subsidiaries are
free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions, except (i)
in the case of any such material properties and assets that constitute
Collateral, Permitted Collateral Liens (as defined in the Indentures) and (ii)
in the case of any such material properties and assets that do not constitute
Collateral, Permitted Liens (as defined in the Indentures). Each of the Issuers
and their respective subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all personal
property it purports to own (including, without limitation, all Collateral),
except (i) in the case of any such material personal property that constitutes
Collateral, Permitted Collateral Liens and (ii) in the case of any such material
personal property that does not constitute Collateral, Permitted Liens. None of
Parent or its subsidiaries has any real property, personal property or other
assets that would constitute Collateral under the Security Documents that will
not constitute Collateral under the Security Documents as of the Closing Date.

         (oo) None of the Issuers has received any written notice, or has any
knowledge, of any existing or contemplated condemnation proceeding affecting all
or any portion of the material real property, material fixtures and leasehold
estates in real property or fixtures that constitutes Collateral under the
Security Documents (the "Mortgaged Property") that remains unresolved, or of any
sale or disposition thereof in lieu of condemnation.

         (pp) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation or
default of (i) any provision of its organizational documents; (ii) the terms of
any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan
agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to
which it is a party or bound or to which its property or assets is subject; or
(iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable
to it or any of its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body, administrative
agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction
over it or any such subsidiaries or any of their respective property or assets,
except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such violation or
default which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

         (qq) PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who have certified certain financial
statements of CCK and its consolidated subsidiaries and delivered their report
with respect to the audited consolidated financial statements and schedules
included in the Final Memorandum, are independent public accountants with
respect to CCK within the meaning of the Act and the Exchange Act and the
related published rules and regulations thereunder.

         (rr) Parent and each of its subsidiaries has filed all foreign,
federal, state and local tax returns that are required to be filed or has
requested extensions thereof (except in any case in which the failure so to file
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect). Parent and
each of its subsidiaries has paid all taxes required to be paid by it as shown
in such return and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to
the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable, except for any such
assessment, fine or penalty that is being contested in good faith or as would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (ss) No labor problem or dispute with the employees of Parent or any of
its subsidiaries exists or is threatened or imminent, and there is no existing
or imminent labor disturbance or collective bargaining activities by the
employees of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of any of
the Issuers, by the employees of any of the principal suppliers, contractors or
customers of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, in each case, that would have a
Material Adverse Effect.

         (tt) Parent and each of its subsidiaries, except as disclosed in the
Final Memorandum, or to the extent it would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, is insured by insurers of recognized financial
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent
and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged. All policies of
insurance and fidelity or surety bonds insuring Parent or any of its
subsidiaries or the businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors of

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

Parent or any of its subsidiaries are in full force and effect. Parent and each
of its subsidiaries is in compliance with the terms of such policies and
instruments in all material respects. There are no claims by Parent or any of
its subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance
company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause,
except for such claims which, if successfully denied, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for.
Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it
will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such
coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be
necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (uu) No subsidiary of Parent is prohibited, directly or indirectly,
from paying any dividends on such subsidiary's capital stock, from making any
other distribution on such subsidiary's capital stock, from repaying to Parent
or any other subsidiary of Parent any loans or advances to such subsidiary from
Parent or such other subsidiary or from transferring any of such subsidiary's
property or assets to Parent or any other subsidiary of Parent, except as
described in or contemplated by the Final Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment
or supplement thereto).

         (vv) Parent and each of its subsidiaries owns or possesses adequate
licenses or other rights to use all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade
names, copyrights and know-how that are necessary to conduct their respective
businesses as described in the Final Memorandum, except where the failure to own
or possess such licenses or other rights to use such patents, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, copyrights and know-how would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries has received any notice of infringement of or conflict with (or
knows of any such infringement of or conflict with) asserted rights of others
with respect to any patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights
or know-how that, if such assertion of infringement or conflict were sustained,
could have a Material Averse Effect.

         (ww) Parent and each of its subsidiaries possesses all licenses,
certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by the appropriate
federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their
respective businesses as currently conducted, except where the failure to
possess such licenses, certificates, permits or other authorizations would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and neither Parent nor
any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the
revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit
which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

         (xx) Parent and each of its subsidiaries maintains a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific
authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to
assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific
authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with
the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences.

         (yy) (i) Parent and each of its subsidiaries is in compliance in all
material respects with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local
laws and regulations and rules of common law relating to pollution or the
protection of the environment, natural resources or occupational health and
safety, including without limitation those relating to the release or threat of
release of Hazardous Materials ("Environmental Laws"); (ii) Parent and each of
its subsidiaries has received and is in compliance in all material respects with
all permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable
Environmental Laws to conduct its businesses as currently conducted; (iii)
neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice of any
actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any
Hazardous Materials; (iv) there is no civil, criminal or administrative action,
suit, demand, claim, hearing, notice of violation, investigation, proceeding,
notice or demand letter or request for information pending or, to the knowledge
of any of the Issuers, threatened against Parent or any of its subsidiaries
under any Environmental Law; (v) no lien, charge, encumbrance or restriction has
been recorded under any Environmental Law with respect to any assets, facility
or property owned, operated, leased or controlled by Parent or any of its
subsidiaries; (vi) neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to any
order, decree, consent, settlement or agreement requiring, or is otherwise
obligated or required to perform, any response or corrective action relating to
any Hazardous Materials; (vii) neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has
received written notice that it has been identified as a potentially responsible
party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), or any comparable state or foreign law;
(viii) no property or facility of Parent or any of its subsidiaries is (x)
listed or, to the knowledge of the Issuers, proposed for listing on the National
Priorities List under CERCLA or (y) listed in the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Information System List promulgated
pursuant to CERCLA, or on any comparable list maintained by any governmental
authority; and (ix) there are no past or present actions, events, operations or
activities which would reasonably be expected to prevent or interfere with
compliance by Parent or any of its subsidiaries with any applicable
Environmental Law or result in liability (including, without limitation, fines
or penalties) under any applicable Environmental Law, except, in the case of
each of clauses (i) through (ix) above, as (A) described in the Final Memorandum
(exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto) or (B) would not reasonably
be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. "Hazardous Materials" means any hazardous or toxic substance, chemical,
material, pollutant, waste, contaminant or constituent, which is subject to
regulation under or could give rise to liability under any Environmental Law.

         (zz) In the ordinary course of its business, Parent periodically
reviews the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and
properties of Parent and its subsidiaries, in the course of which it seeks to
identify and evaluate associated costs and liabilities. On the basis of such
review, and except as described in the Final Memorandum, Parent does not
reasonably expect that such associated costs and liabilities would, singly or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (aaa) Parent and each of its subsidiaries has fulfilled its
obligations, if any, under the minimum funding standards of Section 302 of the
United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA"), and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with
respect to each "plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and such regulations
and published interpretations) in which employees of any of the Issuers or their
respective subsidiaries are eligible to participate, and each such plan is, and
on the Closing Date will be, in compliance in all material respects with the
presently applicable provisions of ERISA and such regulations and published
interpretations. Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has incurred any
unpaid liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (other than for the
payment of premiums in the ordinary course) under Title IV of ERISA.

         (bbb) None of the Issuers or any of their respective Affiliates or any
director, officer, agent or employee of any of the Issuers or their respective
Affiliates has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift,
entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii)
made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) violated any
provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977; or (iv) made any bribe,
rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.

         (ccc) Except as disclosed in the Final Memorandum, no income, stamp or
other taxes or levies, imposts, deductions, charges, compulsory loans or
withholdings whatsoever are or will be, under applicable law in France, the
United States or any other jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or

                                      -12-

<PAGE>


formation, as the case may be, or tax residency of any of the Issuers, imposed,
assessed, levied or collected by any Federal, state, local or foreign
governmental taxing authority on or in respect of principal, interest, premiums
and penalties or other amounts payable under the Securities, or on account of
the issue and sale by the Issuers of the Securities or the execution, delivery
or performance of this Agreement the Indentures, the Security Documents or the
Registration Rights Agreements or any payments hereunder or thereunder.

         (ddd) None of the Issuers or any of property or assets of or any of the
Issuers has any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal
process.

         (eee) The fair value and present fair saleable value of the assets of
each of the Issuers and their respective subsidiaries exceeds, and immediately
after the consummation of the issue and sale of the Securities and the
consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
will exceed, the sum of its stated liabilities and identified contingent
liabilities. None of the Issuers or their respective subsidiaries is, and
immediately after the consummation of the issue and sale of the Securities and
the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents:

               (i) none of them will be, (x) left with unreasonably small
capital with which to carry on its business as it is proposed to be conducted,
(y) unable to pay its debts (contingent or otherwise) as they mature or (z)
otherwise insolvent; and

               (ii) neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries:

                    (A) is or will be subject to any proceedings for its
               administration (redressement judiciaire), is or will be subject
               to a plan for the transfer of the whole or part of its business,
               or is or will be subject to liquidation (liquidation judiciaire)
               and no claim has been requesting implementation of such
               proceedings;

                    (B) is or will be subject to the administration of a court
               appointed mediator (conciliateur), judicial condition, compulsory
               manager, receiver (administrateur judiciaire), administrator,
               liquidator (liquidateur judiciaire) or other similar office
               (mandataire ad hoc), and no request has been filed and no
               negotiations are envisaged for the rehabilitation,
               administration, custodianship, liquidation, winding-up or
               dissolution of Parent or any subsidiary;

                    (C) is or will be unable to settle its debts (contingent or
               otherwise) (passif exigible) with realizable assets (en etat de
               cessation des paiements) within the meaning of article L 621-1 of
               the French Commercial Code or admits in writing its inability to
               pay its debts as they fall due;

                    (D) is or will be subject to amicable arrangement
               proceedings (procedure de reglement amiable), within the meaning
               of article L. 611-3 of the French Commercial Code; and

                    (E) has or will commence negotiations with any of its
               creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling
               of any of its indebtedness or has made a general assignment for
               the benefit of any of its creditors and/or has entered into any

                                      -13-

<PAGE>


               settlement agreement or amicable arrangement with any of its
               creditors (transactions, accord ou reglement amiable), or stops,
               suspends payment of all or substantially all of its debts or
               announces an intention to do so, or a moratorium is declared in
               respect of any of its indebtedness.

         (fff) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of them (other than the Initial Purchasers as to which
the Issuers make no representation or warranty), has offered or sold or will
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic
of France or has distributed or caused to be distributed or will distribute or
cause to be distributed to the public in the Republic of France the Preliminary
Memorandum, the Final Memorandum or any other offering material relating to the
Notes, and such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only to
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifies) as defined in and in accordance
with Articles L.411-1 and L.411-2 of the French Code Monetaire et Financier and
Decree no. 98-880 dated 1 October 1998.

                  Any  certificate  signed by any  officer of any of the Issuers
and  delivered  to the  Representatives  or counsel for the  Initial  Purchasers
pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed a representation and warranty by such
Issuer, as to matters covered thereby, to each Initial Purchaser.

         2. Purchase and Sale. Subject to Section 20 hereof and the terms and
conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set
forth, the Company agrees to sell to each Initial Purchaser, and each Initial
Purchaser agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, at a
purchase price equal to (a) in the case of the Dollar Second Priority
Securities, 97.0% of the principal amount thereof, (b) in the case of the Euro
Second Priority Securities, 97.0% of the principal amount thereof and (c) in the
case of the Third Priority Securities, 96.5% of the principal amount thereof,
plus accrued interest, if any, from February 26, 2003 to the Closing Date, the
principal amount of Securities set forth opposite such Initial Purchaser's name
in Schedule I hereto.

         3. Delivery and Payment. Delivery of and payment for the Securities
shall be made at 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on February 26, 2003, or at
such time on such later date (not later than March 5, 2003) as the
Representatives shall designate, which date and time may be postponed by
agreement between the Representatives and the Company or as provided in Section
9 hereof (such date and time of delivery and payment for the Securities being
herein called the "Closing Date"). Delivery of the Securities shall be made to
the Representatives for the respective accounts of the several Initial
Purchasers against payment by the several Initial Purchasers through the
Representatives of the purchase price thereof to or upon the order of the
Company by wire transfer payable in same-day funds to the account specified by
the Company. Delivery of the Securities shall be made through the facilities of
The Depository Trust Company or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the
Euroclear System ("Euroclear"), and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream,
Luxembourg"), or their designated custodian, unless the Representatives shall
otherwise instruct.

         4. Offering by Initial Purchasers. Each Initial Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, represents and warrants to and agrees with the Company that:

         (a) It has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any
Securities except (i) to those it reasonably believes to be qualified
institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Act) and that, in
connection with each such sale, it has taken or will take reasonable steps to
ensure that the purchaser of such Securities is aware that such sale is being
made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) in accordance with the restrictions set
forth in Exhibit A hereto.

                                      -14-
<PAGE>


         (b) Neither it nor any person acting on its behalf has made or will
make offers or sales of the Securities in the United States by means of any form
of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation
D) in the United States.

         (c) The Securities to be purchased by it on the Closing Date are
subject to the terms of the Proceeds Sharing Agreement.

         5. Agreements. The Issuers, jointly and severally, agree (subject to,
with respect to the Company, the realization of the conditions set forth in
Section 20 hereof and the execution of this Agreement) with each Initial
Purchaser that:

         (a) The Issuers will furnish to each Initial Purchaser and to counsel
for the Initial Purchasers, without charge, during the period referred to in
paragraph (c) below, as many copies of the Final Memorandum and any amendments
and supplements thereto as they may reasonably request.

         (b) The Issuers will not amend or supplement the Final Memorandum,
other than by filing documents under the Exchange Act that are incorporated by
reference therein, without the prior written consent of the Representatives;
provided, however, that prior to the completion of the distribution of the
Securities by the Initial Purchasers (as determined by the Initial Purchasers),
the Issuers will not file any document under the Exchange Act that is
incorporated by reference in the Final Memorandum unless, prior to such proposed
filing, the Issuers have furnished the Representatives with a copy of such
document for their review and the Representatives have not reasonably objected
to the filing of such document. The Issuers will promptly advise the
Representatives when any document filed under the Exchange Act that is
incorporated by reference in the Final Memorandum shall have been filed with the
Commission.

         (c) If at any time prior to the completion of the sale of the
Securities by the Initial Purchasers (as determined by the Representatives), any
event occurs as a result of which the Final Memorandum, as then amended or
supplemented, would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it should
be necessary to amend or supplement the Final Memorandum to comply with
applicable law, the Issuers promptly (i) will notify the Representatives of any
such event; (ii) subject to the requirements of paragraph (b) of this Section 5,
will prepare an amendment or supplement that will correct such statement or
omission or effect such compliance; and (iii) will supply any supplemented or
amended Final Memorandum to the several Initial Purchasers and counsel for the
Initial Purchasers without charge in such quantities as they may reasonably
request.

         (d) The Issuers will arrange, if necessary, for the qualification of
the Securities for sale by the Initial Purchasers under the laws of such
jurisdictions as the Initial Purchasers may reasonably designate and will
maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the sale of the
Securities; provided that in no event shall any Issuer be obligated to qualify
to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified, to execute
a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction with respect to
which such a consent has not been previously executed or to subject itself to
taxation in any jurisdiction wherein it would not otherwise be subject to tax
but for the requirements of this paragraph. The Issuers will promptly advise the
Representatives of the receipt by any Issuer of any notification with respect to
the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for sale in any
jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose.

         (e) The Issuers will not, and will not permit any of their respective
Affiliates to, resell any Securities that have been acquired by any of them.

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

         (f) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of them, will, directly or indirectly, make offers or
sales of any security, or solicit offers to buy any security, under
circumstances that would require the registration of the Securities under the
Act.

         (g) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of them, will engage in any form of general solicitation
or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with
any offer or sale of the Securities in the United States.

         (h) So long as any of the Securities are "restricted securities" within
the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Act, each Issuer will, during any period
in which it is not subject to and in compliance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act or it is not exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to
and in compliance with Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, provide to each
holder of such restricted securities and to each prospective purchaser (as
designated by such holder) of such restricted securities, upon the request of
such holder or prospective purchaser, any information required to be provided by
Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Act. This covenant is intended to be for the benefit
of the holders, and the prospective purchasers designated by such holders, from
time to time, of such restricted securities.

         (i) None of the Issuers or their respective Affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of them, will engage in any directed selling efforts
with respect to the Securities, and each of them will comply with the offering
restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the
meanings given to them by Regulation S.

         (j) The Issuers will cooperate with the Representatives and use their
respective reasonable best efforts to permit (i) the Dollar Second Priority
Notes and the Third Priority Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement
through The Depository Trust Company and (ii) the Euro Second Priority Notes to
be eligible for clearance and settlement through Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg. The Issuers will cooperate with the Representatives and use their
respective reasonable best efforts to permit (i) the Dollar Second Priority
Notes and the Third Priority Notes to be designated as PORTAL-eligible
securities in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NASD and (ii) the
Euro Second Priority Notes to be approved for trading on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange.

         (k) The Issuers will not for a period of 90 days following the
Execution Time, without the prior written consent of Salomon Smith Barney and
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., offer, sell or contract to sell, or otherwise
dispose of (or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might
reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual
disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or
otherwise) by any Issuer or any Affiliate of any Issuer or any person in privity
with any Issuer or any Affiliate of any Issuer), directly or indirectly, or
announce the offering of, any debt securities issued or guaranteed by any Issuer
(other than the Securities and other than the acquisition of currently
outstanding unsecured notes of Crown in exchange for common stock of Parent as
contemplated by the Final Memorandum).

         (l) The Issuers will not take, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to or which has constituted or which might reasonably be expected to
cause or result, under the Act or the Exchange Act or otherwise, in
stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of any Issuer to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

         (m) The Issuers, jointly and severally, agree to pay the costs and
expenses relating to the following matters: (i) the preparation of the
Indentures, the Security Documents and the Registration Rights Agreements, the
issuance of the Securities and the fees of the Trustees and the Collateral
Agents; (ii) the preparation, printing or reproduction of the Preliminary

                                      -16-
<PAGE>


Memorandum and the Final Memorandum and each amendment or supplement to either
of them; (iii) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery (including postage,
air freight charges and charges for counting and packaging) of such copies of
the Preliminary Memorandum and the Final Memorandum, and all amendments or
supplements to either of them, as may, in each case, be reasonably requested for
use in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities; (iv) the
preparation, printing, authentication, issuance and delivery of certificates for
the Securities, including any stamp or transfer taxes in connection with the
original issuance and sale of the Securities; (v) the printing (or reproduction)
and delivery of this Agreement, any blue sky memorandum and all other agreements
or documents printed (or reproduced) and delivered in connection with the
offering of the Securities; (vi) any registration or qualification of the
Securities for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of the
several states (including filing fees and the reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel for the Initial Purchasers relating to such registration and
qualification); (vii) admitting the Dollar Second Priority Notes and the Third
Priority Notes for trading in the PORTAL Market and the Euro Second Priority
Notes for trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; (viii) the transportation
and other expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuers' representatives in
connection with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Securities; (ix)
the fees and expenses of the Issuers' accountants and the fees and expenses of
counsel (including local and special counsel) for the Issuers; (x) any appraisal
or valuation performed in connection with the offering and sale of the
Securities; (xi) compliance with the provisions of Section 6(o) hereof; and
(xii) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance by the Issuers of
their respective obligations hereunder.

         (n) The Issuers will apply the proceeds from the offering and sale of
the Securities as provided under the caption "Use of Proceeds" in the Final
Memorandum.

         6. Conditions to the Obligations of the Initial Purchasers. The
obligations of the Initial Purchasers to purchase the Securities shall be
subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the
Issuers contained herein at their respective times of execution of this
Agreement, the Closing Date and any settlement date pursuant to Section 3
hereof, to the accuracy of the statements of the Issuers made in any
certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the
Issuers of their respective obligations hereunder and to the following
additional conditions:

         (a) The Issuers shall have requested and caused Dechert LLP, special
United States counsel for the Issuers, to furnish to the Representatives their
opinion, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representatives,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (with such modifications as shall
be reasonably acceptable to the Representatives and their counsel); provided,
however, that, to the extent appropriate and acceptable to the Representatives
and their counsel, William T. Gallagher, General Counsel of Parent, may furnish
to the Representatives his opinion, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the
Representatives, covering certain of the matters set forth in Exhibit B hereto.
In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving
the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, the State of New York, the Federal laws of the United States and
the Delaware General Corporation Law, to the extent they deem proper and
specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other counsel of good standing
whom they believe to be reliable and who are satisfactory to counsel for the
Initial Purchasers; and (B) as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem
proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Issuers and public
officials.

         (b) The Issuers shall have requested and caused JeantetAssocies,
special French counsel to the Issuers, to furnish to the Representatives their
opinion, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representatives,
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto (with such modifications as shall
be reasonably acceptable to the Representatives and their counsel). In rendering
such opinion, such counsel may rely (A) as to matters involving the application
of laws of any jurisdiction other than the Republic of France, to the extent
they deem proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion of other
counsel of good standing whom they believe to be reliable and who are
satisfactory to counsel for the Initial Purchasers; and (B) as to matters of

                                      -17-

<PAGE>


fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates of responsible officers of
the Issuers and public officials.

         (c) The Issuers shall have requested and caused one or more local
counsel for the Issuers, reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers and
counsel to the Initial Purchasers, in each of Belgium, Canada, Germany, Mexico,
Switzerland and the United Kingdom to furnish to the Representatives their
opinion, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representatives,
substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto (with such modifications as shall
be reasonably acceptable to the Representatives and their counsel). In rendering
such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they
deem proper, on certificates of responsible officers of relevant Issuers.

         (d) The Representatives shall have received from each of (i) Cahill
Gordon & Reindel, special United States counsel for the Initial Purchasers and
(ii) Gide Loyrette Nouel, special French counsel for the Initial Purchasers,
such opinion or opinions, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the
Representatives, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may
reasonably require, and the Issuers shall have furnished to such counsel such
documents as they request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such
matters.

         (e) Parent shall have furnished to the Representatives a certificate of
Parent and the Company, signed by the Chairman of the Board or the President and
the principal financial or accounting officer of each of Parent and the Company,
dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the signers of such certificate have
carefully examined the Final Memorandum, any amendment or supplement to the
Final Memorandum and this Agreement and that:

               (i) the representations and warranties of the Issuers in this
Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing
Date with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date, and the Issuers have
complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on their part
to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date; and

               (ii) since the date of the most recent financial statements
included in the Final Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment or supplement
thereto), there has been no material adverse change in the condition (financial
or otherwise), prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company,
individually, or of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or
not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set
forth in or contemplated by the Final Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment or
supplement thereto).

         (f) At the Execution Time and at the Closing Date, Parent shall have
requested and caused PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to furnish to the
Representatives letters, dated respectively as of the Execution Time and as of
the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives,
confirming that they are independent accountants within the meaning of the Act
and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder, that
they have performed a review of the unaudited interim financial information of
CCK and its consolidated subsidiaries for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2002 and stating in effect that:

               (i) in their opinion the audited financial statements included in
the Final Memorandum and reported on by them comply as to form in all material
respects with the applicable accounting requirements of Regulation S-X;

                                      -18-

<PAGE>



               (ii) on the basis of a reading of the latest unaudited financial
statements made available by CCK; their limited review in accordance with the
standards established under Statement on Auditing Standards No. 71 of the
unaudited interim financial information for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2002; carrying out certain specified procedures (but not an
examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) which
would not necessarily reveal matters of significance with respect to the
comments set forth in such letter; a reading of the minutes of the meetings of
the stockholders, directors and audit committees of Parent; and inquiries of
certain officials of Parent who have responsibility for financial and accounting
matters of Parent and its subsidiaries as to transactions and events subsequent
to December 31, 2001, nothing came to their attention which caused them to
believe that:

                    (1) any unaudited financial statements included in the Final
Memorandum (x) do not comply as to form in all material respects with the
applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect to financial statements included in quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act or (y) are not in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis substantially
consistent with that of the audited financial statements included or
incorporated in the Final Memorandum;

                    (2) with respect to the period subsequent to September 30,
2002, there were any changes, at a specified date not more than five days prior
to the date of the letter, in the total debt of CCK and its consolidated
subsidiaries or the capital stock of CCK or decreases in the shareholders'
equity of CCK or working capital of CCK and its consolidated subsidiaries as
compared with the amounts shown on the September 30, 2002 consolidated balance
sheet included in the Final Memorandum, or for the period from October 1, 2002
to such specified date there were any decreases, as compared with the
corresponding period in the preceding year, in net sales, income before income
taxes, minority interest and cumulative effect of a change in accounting or net
income of CCK and its consolidated subsidiaries, except in all instances for
changes or decreases set forth in such letter, in which case the letter shall be
accompanied by an explanation by CCK as to the significance thereof unless said
explanation is not deemed necessary by the Representatives; or

                    (3) the unaudited amounts of any capsule information
included in the Final Memorandum do not agree with the amounts set forth in the
unaudited financial statements for the same periods or were not determined on a
basis substantially consistent with that of the corresponding amounts in the
audited financial statements included in the Final Memorandum or do not conform
with generally accepted accounting principles;

               (iii) they have performed certain other specified procedures as a
result of which they determined that certain information of an accounting,
financial or statistical nature (which is limited to accounting, financial or
statistical information derived from the general accounting records of CCK and
its subsidiaries) included in the Final Memorandum agrees with the accounting
records of CCK and its consolidated subsidiaries, excluding any questions of
legal interpretation;

                                      -19-

<PAGE>


               (iv) on the basis of a reading of the unaudited pro forma
financial statements as of September 30, 2002 and for the year ended December
31, 2001 and the nine months ended September 30, 2002 (the "pro forma financial
statements") included in the Final Memorandum; carrying out certain specified
procedures; inquiries of certain officials of CCK who have responsibility for
financial and accounting matters; and proving the arithmetic accuracy of the
application of the pro forma adjustments to the historical amounts in the pro
forma financial statements, nothing came to their attention which caused them to
believe that the pro forma financial statements do not comply in form in all
material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of Rule 11-02 of
Regulation S-X or that the pro forma adjustments have not been properly applied
to the historical amounts in the compilation of such statements; and

               (v) they have (x) read the unaudited pro forma consolidated
condensed statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2002 included
in the Final Memorandum, (y) inquired of certain officials of the CCK who have
responsibility for financial and accounting matters about the basis of their
determination of the unaudited pro forma adjustments and (z) proved the
mathematical accuracy of the application of the pro forma adjustments to the
historical amounts in the unaudited pro forma consolidated condensed statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2002 included in the Final
Memorandum.

         References to the Final Memorandum in this Section 6(f) include any
amendment or supplement thereto at the date of the applicable letter.

         (g) Subsequent to the Execution Time or, if earlier, the dates as of
which information is given in the Final Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment
or supplement thereto), there shall not have been (i) any change or decrease
specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (f) of this Section
6; or (ii) any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or
affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, earnings, business
or properties of the Company or of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of
business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Final Memorandum
(exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto) the effect of which, in any
case referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above, is, in the sole judgment of the
Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it impractical or
inadvisable to market the Securities as contemplated by the Final Memorandum
(exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto).


                                      -20-

<PAGE>


         (h) The Issuers and the Second Priority Notes Trustee shall have
entered into the Second Priority Notes Indenture in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representatives, and the Representatives shall have received
counterparts, conformed as executed, thereof.

         (i) The Issuers and the Third Priority Notes Trustee shall have entered
into the Third Priority Notes Indenture in form and substance satisfactory to
the Representatives, and the Representatives shall have received counterparts,
conformed as executed, thereof.

         (j) Each of the Guarantors shall have executed a Second Priority Notes
Guarantee and the Third Priority Notes Guarantee in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representatives, and the Representatives shall have received
counterparts, conformed as executed, thereof.

         (k) The Issuers and the Representatives shall have entered into the
Registration Rights Agreements.

         (l) The U.S. Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Indentures)
shall have been executed by the respective parties thereto and shall be in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, and the Representatives shall
have received counterparts, conformed as executed, thereof.

         (m) The European Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Indentures)
shall have been executed by the respective parties thereto and shall be in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, and the Representatives shall
have received counterparts, conformed as executed, thereof.

         (n) All other Security Documents shall have been executed by the
respective parties thereto and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to
the Representatives, and the Representatives shall have received counterparts,
conformed as executed, thereof.

         (o) To the extent delivered to the agents under the Credit Facility
(the "Bank Agents"), the Representatives, the Trustees and the Collateral Agents
shall have received each of the following documents which shall be reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives, the Trustees and the
Collateral Agents and each of their respective counsel with respect to each
Mortgaged Property and each other item of Collateral, as appropriate:

               (i) all Mortgages (as defined in the Security Documents) in favor
     of either or both of the Trustees and the Collateral Agents, together with
     such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be
     required in connection with the recording or filing thereof and such
     financing statements and other similar statements as are contemplated in
     respect of each such Mortgage by the local counsel opinion referred to in
     subparagraph (x) below, and any other instruments necessary to grant the
     interests purported to be granted by each such Mortgage under the laws of
     any applicable jurisdiction, which Mortgages and financing statements and
     other instruments shall be effective to create a lien on such Mortgaged
     Property in favor of either or both of the Trustees and Collateral Agents,
     as applicable, subject to no liens other than Permitted Collateral Liens;

               (ii) such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements,
     estoppels, tenant subordination agreements or other instruments as shall
     have been delivered to the Bank Agents in order for the owner or holder of

                                      -21-
<PAGE>


     the fee interest or leasehold interest to grant the lien contemplated by
     the Mortgage with respect to each Mortgaged Property;

               (iii) with respect to each Mortgage, a policy of title insurance
     (or commitment to issue such a policy) insuring (or committing to insure)
     the lien of such Mortgage as a valid mortgage lien on the real property and
     fixtures described therein, with the priority described in the Final
     Memorandum, in respect of the Securities;

               (iv) a survey with respect to each Mortgaged Property;

               (v) policies or certificates of insurance;

               (vi) Uniform Commercial Code, judgment, tax lien and intellectual
     property searches;

               (vii) affidavits, certificates and instruments of
     indemnification;

               (viii) copies of all leases and subleases;

               (ix) any certificate of an officer of Parent or any subsidiary of
     Parent relating to the Collateral (which shall also be addressed to the
     Representatives and the Trustees); and

               (x) opinions from all local and foreign counsel who deliver
     opinions to the Bank Agents (which opinions shall be addressed to the
     Representatives and the Trustees), which opinions shall address, with
     respect to the Collateral and the Securities, the matters addressed with
     respect to the Credit Facility with only such modifications as are
     necessary to reflect the relative priority of the Second Priority
     Securities and the Third Priority Securities as contemplated by the Final
     Memorandum and the Transaction Documents and otherwise satisfactory to the
     Representatives, the Trustees and each of their respective counsel.

     (p) Parent shall have delivered a certificate, signed on behalf of Parent
by its Chairman of the Board or President and its principal financial or
accounting officer to the effect that Parent has performed, in all material
respects, all covenants and agreements described in Section 6(o) and satisfied,
in all material respects, all conditions on its part to be performed or
satisfied thereunder.

     (q) The Dollar Second Priority Notes and the Third Priority Notes shall
have been designated as PORTAL-eligible securities in accordance with the rules
and regulations of the NASD, and the Dollar Second Priority Notes and the Third
Priority Notes shall be eligible for clearance and settlement through the
Depositary Trust Company.

     (r) The Euro Second Priority Notes shall have been approved for listing on
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subject only to official notification, and the
Euro Second Priority Notes shall be eligible for clearance and settlement
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

     (s) Subsequent to the Execution Time, there shall not have been any
decrease in the rating of any debt securities of any of the Issuers by any
"nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as defined for purposes

                                      -22-

<PAGE>


of Rule 436(g) under the Act) or any notice given of any intended or potential
decrease in any such rating or of a possible change in any such rating that does
not indicate the direction of the possible change.

     (t) The Borrowers and the Bank Agents and lenders party thereto shall have
entered into the Credit Facility in form and substance satisfactory to the
Representatives. Prior to or concurrently with the consummation of the offering
of the Securities on the Closing Date, the Borrowers shall have made the initial
borrowings under the Credit Facility as contemplated by the Final Memorandum.

     (u) Since January 1, 2003, Parent and its subsidiaries shall have received
at least $3.125 billion in additional proceeds (including unfunded revolving
commitments and the amount of any debt-for-equity exchanges) in connection with
the Refinancing Plan and the source(s) and term(s) of such additional proceeds
shall be satisfactory to the Representatives.

     (v) The Trustees, the Bank Agents and the other parties thereto shall have
entered into the Proceeds Sharing Agreement and such agreement shall be in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representatives.

     (w) Crown Holdings shall have been formed as a new public holding company
for CCK and the Company shall have effected the corporate reorganization
substantially as described in the Final Memorandum.

     (x) CCK and the Company shall have caused each Issuer who had not been
incorporated, organized or formed, as the case may be, as of the date hereof to
execute and deliver this Agreement.

     (y) Prior to the Closing Date, the Issuers shall have furnished to the
Representatives such further information, certificates and documents as the
Representatives may reasonably request.

                  If any of the conditions specified in this Section 6 shall not
have been  fulfilled  in all  material  respects  when and as  provided  in this
Agreement,  or if  any of the  opinions  and  certificates  mentioned  above  or
elsewhere in this  Agreement  shall not be in all material  respects  reasonably
satisfactory  in form and substance to the  Representatives  and counsel for the
Initial Purchasers, this Agreement and all obligations of the Initial Purchasers
hereunder  may be canceled  at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date by the
Representatives.  Notice of such  cancellation  shall be given to the Issuers in
writing or by telephone or facsimile confirmed in writing.

                  The documents  required to be delivered by this Section 6 will
be delivered at the office of Cahill Gordon & Reindel, United States counsel for
the Initial  Purchasers,  at 80 Pine Street,  New York,  New York 10005,  on the
Closing Date.

         7. Reimbursement of Expenses. If the sale of the Securities provided
for herein is not consummated because any condition to the obligations of the
Initial Purchasers set forth in Section 6 hereof is not satisfied, because of
any termination pursuant to Section 10 hereof or because of any refusal,
inability or failure on the part of any Issuer to perform any agreement herein
or comply with any provision hereof other than by reason of a default by any of
the Initial Purchasers, the Issuers, jointly and severally, agree to reimburse
the Initial Purchasers severally through Salomon Smith Barney promptly after
demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel) that shall have been incurred by them in connection
with the proposed purchase and sale of the Securities.

         8. Indemnification and Contribution . (a) The Issuers (other than the
Company) jointly and severally agree, and the Company severally agrees, to
indemnify and hold harmless each Initial Purchaser, the directors, officers,
employees and agents of each Initial

                                      -23-

<PAGE>


Purchaser and each person who controls any Initial Purchaser within the meaning
of either the Act or the Exchange Act against any and all losses, claims,
damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may
become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or other Federal or state
statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses,
claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or
are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Preliminary Memorandum, the Final Memorandum (or in any
supplement or amendment thereto) or any information provided by any Issuer to
any holder or prospective purchaser of Securities pursuant to Section 5(h), or
in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based
upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, ot misleading, and agrees to
reimburse each such indemnified party, as incurred, for any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or
defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however,
that the Issuers will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such
loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in
the Preliminary Memorandum or the Final Memorandum, or in any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto, in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Issuers by or on behalf of any Initial Purchasers
through the Representatives specifically for inclusion therein; provided,
further, that with respect to any untrue statement or omission of material fact
made in the Preliminary Memorandum, the indemnity agreement contained in this
Section 8(a) shall not inure to the benefit of any Initial Purchaser from whom
such person asserting any such loss, claim, damage or liability purchased the
Securities concerned, to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or
liability of such Initial Purchaser occurs under the circumstance where (i) the
Company had previously furnished copies of the Final Memorandum on a timely
basis to the Representatives, (ii) delivery of the Final Memorandum was required
by the Act to be made to such person, (iii) the untrue statement or omission of
a material fact contained in the Preliminary Memorandum was corrected in the
Final Memorandum and (iv) there was not sent or given to such person, at or
prior to the written confirmation of the sale of such Securities to such person,
a copy of the Final Memorandum. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to
any liability which the Issuers may otherwise have.

     (b) Each Initial Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless each Issuer, each of its directors, each of its officers, and
each person who controls an Issuer within the meaning of either the Act or the
Exchange Act, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Issuers to
each Initial Purchaser, but only with reference to written information relating
to such Initial Purchaser furnished to the Issuers by or on behalf of such
Initial Purchaser through the Representatives specifically for inclusion in the
Preliminary Memorandum or the Final Memorandum (or in any amendment or
supplement thereto). This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any
liability which any Initial Purchaser may otherwise have. The Issuers
acknowledge that the statements set forth in the last paragraph of the cover
page regarding the delivery of the Securities, the disclosure on page (i)
concerning stabilization, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids and
the paragraph related to stabilization, syndicate covering transactions and
penalty bids under the heading "Plan of Distribution" in the Preliminary
Memorandum and the Final Memorandum, constitute the only information furnished
in writing by or on behalf of the Initial Purchasers for inclusion in the
Preliminary Memorandum or the Final Memorandum (or in any amendment or
supplement thereto).

     (c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of
notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a
claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this
Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof;
but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from
liability under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not
otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the
indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses; and (ii) will not, in any
event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified
party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph (a) or (b)
above. The indemnifying party shall be entitled to appoint counsel of the
indemnifying party's choice at the indemnifying party's expense to represent the
indemnified party in any action for which indemnification is sought (in which
case the indemnifying party shall not thereafter be responsible for the fees and

                                      -24-
<PAGE>


expenses of any separate counsel retained by the indemnified party or parties
except as set forth below); provided, however, that such counsel shall be
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the
indemnifying party's election to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified
party in an action, the indemnified party shall have the right to employ
separate counsel (including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall
bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the
use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified
party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest; (ii) the actual or
potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the
indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall
have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it
and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those
available to the indemnifying party; (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have
employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent
the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution
of such action; or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified
party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. An
indemnifying party will not, without the prior written consent of the
indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any
judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or
proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought
hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential
parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent
includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability
arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding. An indemnifying party
shall not be liable under this Section 8 to any indemnified party regarding any
settlement or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to
any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which
indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the
indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action)
unless such settlement, compromise or consent is consented to by such
indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

     (d) In the event that the indemnity provided in paragraph (a) or (b) of
this Section 8 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party for any reason, the Issuers and the Initial Purchasers agree to contribute
to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including legal or
other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending
same) (collectively "Losses") to which one or more of the Issuers and the
Initial Purchasers may be subject in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative benefits received by the Issuers on the one hand and by the
Initial Purchasers on the other hand from the offering of the Securities;
provided, however, that in no case shall any Initial Purchaser (except as may be
provided in any agreement among the Initial Purchasers relating to the offering
of the Securities) be responsible for any amount in excess of the purchase
discount or commission applicable to the Securities purchased by such Initial
Purchaser hereunder. If the allocation provided by the immediately preceding
sentence is unavailable for any reason, the Issuers and the Initial Purchasers
shall contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such
relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Issuers on the one hand and
of the Initial Purchasers on the other hand in connection with the statements or
omissions which resulted in such Losses, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. Benefits received by the Issuers shall be deemed to be equal to
the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by
the Company, and benefits received by the Initial Purchasers shall be deemed to
be equal to the total purchase discounts and commissions. Relative fault shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or any
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission
to state a material fact relates to information provided by the Issuers on the
one hand or the Initial Purchasers on the other, the intent of the parties and
their relative knowledge, information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
untrue statement or omission. The Issuers and the Initial Purchasers agree that
it would not be just and equitable if contribution were determined by pro rata
allocation or any other method of allocation which does not take account of the
equitable considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding the provisions of
this paragraph (d), no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any
person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of
this Section 8, each person who controls an Initial Purchaser within the meaning
of either the Act or the Exchange Act and each director, officer, employee and
agent of an Initial Purchaser shall have the same rights to contribution as such
Initial Purchaser, and each person who controls an Issuer within the meaning of
either the Act or the Exchange Act and each officer and director of an Issuer

                                      -25-

<PAGE>

shall have the same rights to contribution as such Issuer, subject in each case
to the applicable terms and conditions of this paragraph (d).

         9. Default by an Initial Purchaser. If any one or more Initial
Purchasers shall fail to purchase and pay for any of the Securities agreed to be
purchased by such Initial Purchaser hereunder and such failure to purchase shall
constitute a default in the performance of its or their obligations under this
Agreement, the remaining Initial Purchasers shall be obligated severally to take
up and pay for (at the respective purchase prices set forth in Section 2 and in
the respective proportions which the amount of Securities set forth opposite
their names in Schedule I hereto bears to the aggregate amount of Securities set
forth opposite the names of all the remaining Initial Purchasers) the Securities
which the defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers agreed but failed
to purchase; provided, however, that in the event that the aggregate amount of
Securities which the defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers agreed
but failed to purchase shall exceed 10% of the aggregate amount of Securities
set forth in Schedule I hereto, the remaining Initial Purchasers shall have the
right to purchase all, but shall not be under any obligation to purchase any, of
the Securities, and if such nondefaulting Initial Purchasers do not purchase all
the Securities, this Agreement will terminate without liability to any
nondefaulting Initial Purchaser or the Issuers. In the event of a default by any
Initial Purchaser as set forth in this Section 9, the Closing Date shall be
postponed for such period, not exceeding five Business Days, as the
Representatives shall determine in order that the required changes in the Final
Memorandum or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. Nothing
contained in this Agreement and no action taken under this paragraph shall
relieve any defaulting Initial Purchaser of its liability, if any, to the
Issuers or any nondefaulting Initial Purchaser for damages occasioned by its
default hereunder.

         10. Termination. This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the
absolute discretion of Salomon Smith Barney, by notice given to the Company
prior to delivery of and payment for the Securities, if at any time prior to
such time (i) trading in any of CCK's or Parent's securities shall have been
suspended by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange or trading in
securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange
or the Nasdaq National Market shall have been suspended or limited or minimum
prices shall have been established on any such Exchange or the Nasdaq National
Market; (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by Federal or
New York State authorities; or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or
escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national
emergency or war or other calamity or crisis the effect of which on financial
markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of Salomon Smith Barney,
impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the
Securities as contemplated by the Final Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment
or supplement thereto).

         11. Representations and Indemnities to Survive. The respective
agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other statements of the
Issuers or their respective officers and of the Initial Purchasers set forth in
or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect,
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Initial Purchasers
or the Issuers or any of the officers, directors or controlling persons referred
to in Section 8 hereof, and will survive delivery of and payment for the
Securities. The provisions of Sections 7, 8 and 11 hereof shall survive the
termination or cancellation of this Agreement.

         12. Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and
effective only on receipt, and, if sent to the Representatives, will be mailed,
delivered or telefaxed to the Salomon Smith Barney General Counsel (fax no.:
(212) 816-7912) and confirmed to Salomon Smith Barney at 388 Greenwich Street,
New York, New York 10013, Attention: General Counsel; if sent to the Issuers,
will be mailed, delivered or telefaxed to Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc., One
Crown Way, Philadelphia, PA 19154-4599, Attention: General Counsel (fax no.:
(215) 676-6011), with a copy to Dechert LLP, 4000 Bell Atlantic Tower, 1717 Arch
Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103, Attention: William G. Lawlor (fax no.: (215)
994-2222).

         13. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers
and directors and

                                      -26-

<PAGE>

controlling persons referred to in Section 8 hereof, and, except as expressly
set forth in Section 5(h) hereof, no other person will have any right or
obligation hereunder.

         14. Applicable Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made
and to be performed within the State of New York.

         15. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

         16. Headings. The section headings used herein are for convenience only
and shall not affect the construction hereof.

         17. Definitions. The terms which follow, when used in this Agreement,
shall have the meanings indicated.

         "Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules
and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

         "Affiliate" shall have the meaning specified in Rule 501(b) of
Regulation D.

         "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a
legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are
authorized or obligated by law to close in The City of New York.

         "Commission" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

         "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

         "Execution Time" shall mean, the date and time that this Agreement is
first executed and delivered by the parties hereto.

         "Investment Company Act" shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder.

         "NASD" shall mean the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

         "Regulation D" shall mean Regulation D under the Act.

         "Regulation S" shall mean Regulation S under the Act.

         "Salomon Smith Barney" shall mean Salomon Smith Barney Inc.

         "Trust Indenture Act" shall mean the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

         18. Agent for Service; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of
Immunities. By the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Issuer (i)
acknowledges that such Issuer has, or agrees that by the Closing Date such
Issuer shall have, by separate written instrument, irrevocably designated and
appointed CT Corporation System ("CT") (and any successor entity) as its
authorized agent upon which process may be served in any suit or proceeding

                                      -27-

<PAGE>

arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Securities, the Indentures,
the Security Documents and the Registration Rights Agreements that may be
instituted in any federal or state court in the State of New York or brought
under Federal or state securities laws, and acknowledges that CT has, or agrees
that by the Closing Date CT shall have, accepted such designation, (ii) submits
to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit or proceeding and (iii)
agrees that service of process upon CT and written notices of said service to
such Issuer in accordance with Section 12 hereof shall be deemed effective
service of process upon such Issuer in any such suit or proceeding. Each Issuer
further agrees to take any reasonable action, including the execution and filing
of any and all such documents and instruments, as may be necessary to continue
such designation and appointment of CT in full force and effect so long as any
of the Securities shall be outstanding; provided, however, that such Issuer may,
by written notice to the Representatives, designate such additional or
alternative agent for service of process under this Section 18 that (i)
maintains an office located in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York in the
State of New York and (ii) is either (x) counsel for such Issuer or (y) a
corporate service company which acts as agent for service of process for other
persons in the ordinary course of its business. Such written notice shall
identify the name of such agent for process and the address of the office of
such agent for process in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, State of
New York.

                  To the extent that any Issuer has or hereafter may acquire any
immunity from  jurisdiction  of any court or from any legal process with respect
to itself or its property, it hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect
of its obligations under each of this Agreement, the Securities, the Indentures,
the Security Documents and the Registration Rights Agreements. In addition, each
Issuer  irrevocably  waives and agrees  not to  assert,  by way of motion,  as a
defense, or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding,  any claim that it
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-mentioned  courts for
any reason  whatsoever,  that such suit,  action or  proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient  forum or that the venue for such  suit is  improper,  or that this
Agreement,  the  Securities,  the  Indentures,  the Securities  Documents or the
Registration  Rights  Agreements or the subject matter hereof or thereof may not
be enforced in such courts.

                  The  Issuers  and the  Initial  Purchasers  agree that a final
judgment in any such suit,  action or proceeding  shall be conclusive and may be
enforced in other  jurisdictions  by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided  by law.  Nothing in this  section 18 shall  affect the right of either
Trustee to serve legal  process in any other  manner  permitted by law or affect
the right of the Trustee to bring any action or proceeding against any Issuer or
its property in the courts of any other jurisdictions.

         19. Judgment Currency. The Issuers, jointly and severally, agree to
indemnify and hold harmless each Initial Purchaser, the directors, officers,
employees and agents of each Initial Purchaser and each person who controls any
Initial Purchaser within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act
against any loss incurred by such indemnified party as a result of any judgment
or order being given or made in favor of such indemnified party for any amount
due under this Agreement and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in
a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than euros, to the extent such
judgment relates to Euro Second Priority Notes, or United States dollars, to the
extent such judgment relates to the Dollar Second Priority Notes or the Third
Priority Notes, and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of
exchange at which the euro or United States dollar amount, as the case may be,
is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or
order and (ii) the spot rate of exchange in The City of New York at which such
indemnified party on the date of payment of such judgment or order is able to
purchase euros or United States dollars, as the case may be, with the amount of
the Judgment Currency actually received by such indemnified party. The foregoing
indemnity shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such
judgment or order as aforesaid. The term "spot rate of exchange" shall include
any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of,
or conversion into, euros or United States dollars, as the case may be.

         20. Agreements Conditional. The validity and enforceability of the
Preliminary Memorandum, the Final Memorandum and this Agreement are all subject
to, and conditioned upon, the Company receiving proper authorization to issue
the Notes pursuant to a duly convened and held ordinary and extraordinary
shareholders'

                                      -28-

<PAGE>



meeting to be held on February 15, 2003 and a duly convened and held Board
meeting (conseil d'administration) to be held on February 17, 2003.





                                      -29-

<PAGE>


          If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our
agreement, please sign and return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon
this Agreement and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement among the
Issuers and the several Initial Purchasers.

                                   Very truly yours,

                                   Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Alan W. Rutherford
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Alan W. Rutherford
                                          Title: Executive Vice President and
                                                 Chief Financial Officer


                                   Attest:

                                   By            /s/ Rosemary M. Haselroth
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Rosemary M. Haselroth
                                          Title: Assistant Secretary


                                   Crown European Holdings SA
                                   (formerly known as CarnaudMetalBox SA)

                                   By            /s/ Alan W. Rutherford
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Alan W. Rutherford
                                          Title: Administrateur

                                   Executed February 17, 2003




                                      -30-
<PAGE>


                                   GUARANTORS:


                                   United States:
                                   -------------
                                   Crown Consultants, Inc.
                                   Crown Cork & Seal Technologies Corporation
                                   Crown Beverage Packaging, Inc.
                                   Crown Cork de Puerto Rico, Inc.
                                   Foreign Manufacturers Finance Corporation
                                   Nationwide Recyclers' Inc.
                                   Risdon-AMS (USA), Inc.
                                   Central States Can Co. of Puerto Rico, Inc.
                                   Eyelet, Inc.
                                   Eyelet Specialty Co., Inc.
                                   Crown Financial Management, Inc.
                                   Hocking Valley Leasing Company
                                   Zeller Plastik, Inc.
                                   Crown Overseas Investments Corporation

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Cork & Seal Americas, Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Cork & Seal Company (USA), Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Patrick D. Szmyt
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Patrick D. Szmyt
                                          Title: Senior Vice President, CFO and
                                                 Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Cork & Seal Company (PA), Inc.




                                      -31-
<PAGE>

                                   By            /s/ Alan W. Rutherford
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Alan W. Rutherford
                                          Title: President

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Financial Corporation

                                   By            /s/ Patrick D. Szmyt
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Patrick D. Szmyt
                                          Title: Senior Vice President, CFO and
                                                 Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown New Delaware Holdings, Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CCK Investments LLC

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CCK UK Investments LLC

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CCK Deutschland Investments LLC

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003




                                      -32-
<PAGE>


                                   Crown Canada Investments LLC

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CCK Mexican Investments LLC

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown International Holdings, Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Holdings, Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Alan W. Rutherford
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Alan W. Rutherford
                                          Title: Executive Vice President and
                                                 Chief Financial Officer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Holdings, LLC
                                   (to be renamed Crown Holdings (PA), LLC)

                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Cork & Seal Company, LLC
                                   (to be renamed Crown Cork & Seal Company
                                   (DE), LLC)



                                      -33-

<PAGE>


                                   By            /s/ Michael B. Burns
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Michael B. Burns
                                          Title: Vice President and Treasurer

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Belgium:
                                   -------
                                   Crown Cork Company Belgium NV

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Canada:
                                   ------
                                   Crown Cork & Seal Canada Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Adrian Cobbald
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Adrian Cobbald
                                          Title: Secretary

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   889273 Ontario Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Adrian Cobbald
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Adrian Cobbald
                                          Title: Secretary

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Risdon-AMS (Canada), Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Adrian Cobbald
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Adrian Cobbald
                                          Title: Secretary

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Zeller Plastik Canada, Inc.

                                   By            /s/ Adrian Cobbald
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Adrian Cobbald
                                          Title: Secretary

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                      -34-
<PAGE>

                                   France:
                                   ------
                                   Z.P. France

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Societe de Participations CarnaudMetalbox

                                   By            /s/ Howard Lomax
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Howard Lomax
                                          Title: President Directeur General

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Astra Plastique S.A.S.

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Polyflex S.A.

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   La Francaise de Developpement de la Boite
                                   Boissons (Sofreb)

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Cork Company France SA



                                      -35-
<PAGE>


                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Germany:
                                   -------
                                   CarnaudMetalbox Deutschland GmbH

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Bender GmbH

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Zuchner Verpackungen

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Zuchner Verschlusse GmbH

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Zuchner & Gruss Metallverpackungen

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003




                                      -36-
<PAGE>


                                   CarnaudMetalbox Nahrungsmitteldosen

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Zeller Plastik GmbH

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Raku Rastatt GmbH

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Zeller Engineering GmbH

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Wehrstedt GmbH
                                   (to be renamed Crown Cork & Seal Deutschland
                                   Holdings GmbH

                                   By            /s/ Thilo Winkler
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thilo Winkler
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003



                                   Mexico:
                                   ------


                                   Envases Generales Crown S.A. de C.V.




                                      -37-
<PAGE>


                                   By            /s/ William S. Filotas
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  William S. Filotas
                                          Title: Legal Representative

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Zeller Plastik de Mexico S.A. de C.V.

                                   By            /s/ Gerardo Orta G.
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Gerardo Orta G.
                                          Title: Legal Representative

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Switzerland:
                                   -----------
                                   Crown Cork AG Switzerland

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Obrist AG (Switzerland)

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   BMW Vogel (Switzerland)

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   United Kingdom:
                                   --------------
                                   Crown UK Holdings Limited

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003




                                      -38-

<PAGE>

                                   Crown Cork Company Limited

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CarnaudMetalbox Overseas Limited

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Crown Cork & Seal Finance PLC

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CarnaudMetalbox PLC

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   United Closures and Plastics PLC

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CarnaudMetalbox Engineering PLC

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003



                                      -39-
<PAGE>


                                   Massmould Holdings Limited

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   Specialty Packaging (UK) PLC

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003


                                   CarnaudMetalbox Group UK Limited

                                   By            /s/ John Davidson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  John Davidson
                                          Title: Attorney

                                   Executed February ____, 2003




                                      -40-
<PAGE>



                                        Crown Developpement S.N.C.



                                        By            /s/ John Davidson
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  John Davidson
                                               Title: Attorney

                                        Executed February ____, 2003


                                      -41-
<PAGE>


The  foregoing  Agreement is hereby confirmed
and accepted as of the date first above written.

Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

By: Salomon Smith Barney Inc.



By /s/ Whinter Marshal
 -----------------------------
       Name:  Whitner Marshall
       Title: Vice President


For themselves and the other several Initial
Purchasers  named in Schedule I to the
foregoing Agreement.







                                      -42-
<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE I


<TABLE>
                                            Principal Amount            Principal Amount      Principal Amount
                                            of Dollar Second             of Euro Second      of Third Priority
                                           Priority Securities        Priority Securities        Securities
Initial Purchasers                           to Be Purchased            to Be Purchased       to Be Purchased
------------------                          -----------------          -----------------       ----------------
<S>                                         <C>                            <C>                  <C>
Salomon Smith Barney Inc............        $      493,088,000     E        129,521,000     $    329,483,000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc........               493,088,000              129,521,000          329,483,000
ABN AMRO Incorporated...............                86,693,000               22,772,000           57,929,000
Jefferies & Company, Inc............                12,131,000                3,186,000            8,105,000
                                            --------------------      ------------------    ------------------
              Total.................        $    1,085,000,000     E        285,000,000     $    725,000,000
                                             ===================      ==================    ===================
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE II


........................................................................

Guarantors                               Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                               -------------------------
........................................................................
United States
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Americas, Inc.*                  PA
........................................................................
Crown Consultants, Inc.                            PA
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Company (USA), Inc.              DE
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Technologies Corporation         DE
........................................................................
Crown Beverage Packaging, Inc.                     DE
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Company (PA), Inc.               PA
........................................................................
Crown Cork de Puerto Rico, Inc.                    DE
........................................................................
Crown Financial Corporation                        PA
........................................................................
Foreign Manufacturers Finance Corporation          DE
........................................................................
Nationwide Recyclers' Inc.                         PA
........................................................................
Risdon-AMS (USA), Inc.                             DE
........................................................................
Central States Can Co. of Puerto Rico, Inc.        OH
........................................................................
Eyelet, Inc.                                       FL
........................................................................
Eyelet Specialty Co., Inc.                         FL
........................................................................
Crown Financial Management, Inc.                   DE
........................................................................
Hocking Valley Leasing Company                     DE
........................................................................
Zeller Plastik, Inc.                               DE
........................................................................
Crown New Delaware Holdings, Inc.*                 DE
........................................................................
CCK Investments LLC*                               DE
........................................................................
CCK UK Investments LLC*                            DE
........................................................................
CCK Deutschland Investments LLC*                   DE
........................................................................
Crown Canada Investments LLC*                      DE
........................................................................
CCK Mexican Investments LLC*                       DE
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc.                    PA
........................................................................
Crown International Holdings, Inc.*                DE
........................................................................
Crown Overseas Investments Corporation             DE
........................................................................
Crown Holdings, Inc.*                              PA
........................................................................
Crown Holdings, LLC (to be renamed
Crown Holdings (PA), LLC)                          PA
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Company, LLC                     DE
(to be renamed Crown Cork &
 Seal Company (DE), LLC)
........................................................................

........................................................................
Belgium
--------
........................................................................
Crown Cork Company Belgium NV                    Belgium
........................................................................

........................................................................
Canada
------
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Canada Inc.                    Canada
........................................................................
889273 Ontario Inc.                              Canada
........................................................................
Risdon-AMS (Canada), Inc.                        Canada
........................................................................
Zeller Plastik Canada, Inc.                      Canada
........................................................................

........................................................................
France
------
........................................................................
Z.P. France                                      France
........................................................................
Societe de Participations
CarnaudMetalbox                                  France
........................................................................
Astra Plastique S.A.S.                           France
........................................................................
Polyflex S.A.                                    France
........................................................................

<PAGE>

........................................................................

Guarantors                               Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                               -------------------------
........................................................................
La Francaise de Developpement de
la Boite Boissons (Sofreb)                       France
........................................................................
Crown Cork Company France SA                     France
........................................................................
Crown Developpement S.N.C.                       France
........................................................................

........................................................................
Germany
-------
........................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Deutschland GmbH                 Germany
........................................................................
Crown Bender GmbH                                Germany
........................................................................
Zuchner Verpackungen                             Germany
........................................................................
Zuchner Verschlusse GmbH                         Germany
........................................................................
Zuchner & Gruss Metallverpackungen               Germany
........................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Nahrungsmitteldosen              Germany
........................................................................
Zeller Plastik GmbH                              Germany
........................................................................
Raku Rastatt GmbH                                Germany
........................................................................
Zeller Engineering GmbH                          Germany
........................................................................
Wehrstedt GmbH                                   Germany
(to be renamed Crown Cork & Seal
 Deutschland Holdings GmbH
........................................................................

........................................................................
Mexico
------
........................................................................
Envases Generales Crown S.A. de C.V.             Mexico
........................................................................
Zeller Plastik de Mexico S.A. de C.V.            Mexico
........................................................................

........................................................................
Switzerland
-----------
........................................................................
Crown Cork AG Switzerland                      Switzerland
........................................................................
Crown Obrist AG (Switzerland)                  Switzerland
........................................................................
BMW Vogel (Switzerland)                        Switzerland
........................................................................

........................................................................
United Kingdom
--------------
........................................................................
Crown UK Holdings Limited                    United Kingdom
........................................................................
Crown Cork Company Limited                   United Kingdom
........................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Overseas Limited             United Kingdom
........................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Finance PLC                United Kingdom
........................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox PLC                          United Kingdom
........................................................................
United Closures & Plastics PLC               United Kingdom
........................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Engineering PLC              United Kingdom
........................................................................
Massmould Holdings Limited                   United Kingdom
........................................................................
Specialty Packaging (UK) PLC                 United Kingdom
........................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Group UK Limited             United Kingdom
........................................................................

* To be formed in conjunction with the corporate reorganization.

                                      -2-

<PAGE>


                                  SCHEDULE III


................................................................................

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries                         Jurisdiction of Formation
-------------------------                          -------------------------
................................................................................
United States
--------------
................................................................................
Crownway Insurance Company                                    VT
................................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Receivables
(DE) Corporation                                              DE
................................................................................

................................................................................
Argentina
---------
................................................................................
Crown Cork de Argentina S.A.                               Argentina
................................................................................
Aluplata S.A.                                              Argentina
................................................................................

................................................................................
Bangladesh
----------
................................................................................
Bangladesh Can Company Ltd.                               Bangladesh
................................................................................

................................................................................
Barbados
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Barbados Ltd.                              Barbados
................................................................................

................................................................................
Belgium
--------
................................................................................
Specialty Packaging Belgie NV                               Belgium
................................................................................

................................................................................
Bermuda
-------
................................................................................
Crown Swire Investment Company Limited                      Bermuda
(51% owned by CarnaudMetalbox
Asia Limited (Singapore)
................................................................................

................................................................................
British Virgin Islands
----------------------
................................................................................
Jasmine Properties Limited                          British Virgin Islands
................................................................................
Caribbean Capital Ltd.                              British Virgin Islands
................................................................................
Shorelink Ltd.                                      British Virgin Islands
................................................................................

................................................................................
Bolivia
-------
................................................................................
Fabrica Boliviana de Envases S.A.                           Bolivia
(13.54% owned by Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc.)
................................................................................

................................................................................
Brazil
------
................................................................................
Crown Brazil Holdings Ltda.                                 Brazil
................................................................................
Crown Cork Embalagens S.A.                                  Brazil
................................................................................
Acta de Amazonia Ltda.
(50% owned by Crown Brazil Holdings Ltda)                   Brazil
................................................................................
PET Holding S.A.
(50% owned by Crown Brazil Holdings Ltda)                   Brazil
................................................................................
Crown Cromo Metal S.A.                                      Brazil
................................................................................
Crown Cork Tampas Plasticas S.A.                            Brazil
................................................................................
Petropar Embalagens S.A.                                    Brazil
................................................................................

................................................................................
Canada
------
................................................................................
Anchor Cap & Closure
Corporation of Canada, Ltd.                                 Canada
................................................................................
Continental Can Canada Inc.                                 Canada
................................................................................
Central States Can of Canada Limited                        Canada
................................................................................
499555 Ontario Limited                                      Canada
................................................................................
142735 Canada Limited                                       Canada
................................................................................
<PAGE>
................................................................................

Guarantors                               Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                               -------------------------
................................................................................
................................................................................
Cayman Islands
--------------
................................................................................
Crown (Cayman) Limited                                  Cayman Islands
................................................................................
PTS Trading (Cayman) Ltd.                               Cayman Islands
................................................................................

................................................................................
Chile
-----
................................................................................
Crown Holding Chile S.A.                                     Chile
................................................................................
Inesa Crown S.A.
(20% owned by Crown Holding Chile S.A.)                      Chile
................................................................................
Inesa-Crown Mini Holding, S.A.                               Chile
(20% owned by Crown
 Cork & Seal Company, Inc.)
................................................................................

................................................................................
China
-----
................................................................................
Beijing CarnaudMetalbox Company Ltd.                         China
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox (Guangzhou) Ltd.                             China
................................................................................
Jiangmen Zeller Plastik Ltd.                                 China
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Huapeng (WUXI)
Closures Co. Ltd.                                            China
(23% owned by CarnaudMetalbox
Closures Asia Pacific PTE Ltd.)
................................................................................
Huizhou Crown Can Company Ltd.                               China
(99% owned by Crown Can Hong Kong Ltd.)
................................................................................
Shanghai Crown Packaging Co.                                 China
(70.53% owned by Crown Can Hong Kong Ltd.)
................................................................................
Beijing Crown Can Company                                    China
(91.6% owned by Crown Can Hong Kong Ltd.)
................................................................................
Foshan Continental Can Co. Ltd.                              China
(50% owned by Crown Can Hong Kong Ltd.)
................................................................................
Foshan Crown Easy-Opening End Co. Ltd.                       China
(50% owned by Crown Can Hong Kong Ltd.)
................................................................................

................................................................................
Colombia
--------
................................................................................
Crown Colombiana S.A.                                      Columbia
(50% owned by Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc.)
................................................................................
Inversiones Litometal S.A.                                 Columbia
................................................................................
Prodenvases Crown
(44% owned by Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc.)             Columbia
................................................................................

................................................................................
Costa Rica
----------
................................................................................
Crown Cork Centro Americana, S.A.                         Costa Rica
................................................................................

................................................................................
Cyprus
------
................................................................................
Packinvest Holdings Limited                                 Cyprus
................................................................................

................................................................................
Denmark
-------
................................................................................
Crown Cork Co. Scandinavia A/S                              Denmark
................................................................................

................................................................................
East Africa
-----------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Senegal                                     Senegal
(75.59 % owned by Crown
European Holdings SA)
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox SIEM                                      Ivory Coast
(84.95 % owned by Crown
European Holdings SA)
................................................................................

                                      -2-

<PAGE>
................................................................................

Guarantors                                         Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                                         -------------------------
................................................................................
Financiere D'Emballages  (50% owned by
 Astra Plastique S.A. (France))                             Morocco
................................................................................
Astra Maroc  (49% owned by
Astra Plastique S.A. (France))                              Morocco
................................................................................
Carnaud Maroc                                               Morocco
(68.12% owned by Financiere
D'Emballages (Morocco))
................................................................................
CMB Plastique Maroc                                         Morocco
(51.02% owned by Financiere
D'Emballages (Morocco))
................................................................................
Light Metal Products SAL                                    Lebanon
(39% owned by CarnaudMetalbox
 NV (Netherlands))
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Ghana Ltd.                                   Ghana
................................................................................

................................................................................
France
------
................................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal Finance S.A.                              France
................................................................................
BAP-Ste. Bouruignonne
 d'Applications Plastiques                                  France
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Finance                                     France
................................................................................
Butimove                                                    France
................................................................................
Reymond SARL                                                France
................................................................................
Polyflex Flaconnage                                         France
................................................................................
Risdon AMS                                                  France
................................................................................
EOLE                                                        France
................................................................................
Carnaud Cofem Terradou                                      France
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Slovakia                                    France
................................................................................
PP Industries (France)                                      France
................................................................................
Carwi                                                       France
................................................................................

................................................................................
Finland
-------
................................................................................
Crown Pakkus OY                                             Finland
................................................................................

................................................................................
Germany
-------
................................................................................
Florin GmbH  (29.53% owned by
Zucher Verschlusse GmbH)                                    Germany
................................................................................

................................................................................
Greece
------
................................................................................
Hellas Can Packaging Manufacturers S.A.                     Greece
(72.79% owned by Societe de
Participations CarnaudMetalbox (France))
................................................................................

................................................................................
Guatemala
---------
................................................................................
Crown Cork de Guatemala, S.A.                              Guatemala
................................................................................
Aerosales Y Latas de Guatemala S.A.                        Guatemala
................................................................................

................................................................................
Hong Kong
---------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Closures (Hong Kong) Limited               Hong Kong
(53.83% owned by CarnaudMetalbox
Asia Limited (Singapore))
................................................................................
Crown Can Hong Kong Limited
(50% owned by CarnaudMetalbox Closures                     Hong Kong
Asia-Pacific PTE Ltd. (Singapore))
................................................................................

................................................................................
Hungary
-------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Magyarorszag KFT                            Hungary
................................................................................


                                      -3-

<PAGE>
................................................................................

Guarantors                                         Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                                         -------------------------
................................................................................
Jamaica
-------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Jamaica Ltd.                                Jamacia
................................................................................


................................................................................
Indonesia
---------
................................................................................
P.T. Crown Cork & Seal Indonesia                           Indonesia
(95% owned by CarnaudMetalbox
 Asia Limited (Singapore))
................................................................................

................................................................................
Ireland
-------
................................................................................
The Irish Crown Cork Company Limited                        Ireland
................................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal (Ireland) Ltd.                            Ireland
................................................................................
Metal Box Ireland Holdings Limited                          Ireland
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Ireland Limited                             Ireland
................................................................................

................................................................................
Italy
-----
................................................................................
Faba Sirma SPA
(owns 4.73% of its own stock)                                Italy
................................................................................
Superbox Contenitori per Bevande SRL                         Italy
................................................................................
Ridson SRL                                                   Italy
................................................................................
Faba Sud SPA
(owns 3.39% of its own stock)                                Italy
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Italia SRL                                   Italy
................................................................................
Baroni SRL                                                   Italy
................................................................................
Crown Cork Company Itally SPA                                Italy
................................................................................
Zeller Plastik Italia SPA                                    Italy
................................................................................
Costruzione Barattoli Metallici SPA
(50% owned by Faba Sud SPA)                                  Italy
................................................................................
CMB Italcaps SRL                                             Italy
................................................................................
Auperbox Aerosols SRL                                        Italy
................................................................................
Italprint SPA                                                Italy
................................................................................
Italmeccanica Coe SPA                                        Italy
................................................................................
Spraybox Italia                                              Italy
................................................................................

................................................................................
Luxembourg
----------
................................................................................
Standfast Reinsurance S.A.                                Luxembourg
................................................................................

................................................................................
Madagascar
----------
................................................................................
Societe Malgache D'Emballages Metalliaues                 Madagascar
(99.87% owned by Crown European Holdings SA)
................................................................................

................................................................................
Malaysia
--------
................................................................................
Crowncorks of Malaysia SDN BHD                             Malaysia
(60% owned by CarnaudMetalbox Asia Limited
(Singapore))
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Bevcan SDN BHD (Malaysia)                  Malaysia
................................................................................
Zeller Plastik (Malaysia) SDN BHD                          Malaysia
(28.5% owned by Zeller Plastik
(S.E. Asia) PTE Ltd. (Singapore))
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Packaging SDN BHD                          Malaysia
................................................................................

................................................................................
Mexico
------

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

................................................................................

Guarantors                                         Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                                         -------------------------
................................................................................
Constar Holding de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                     Mexico
................................................................................
Empaques Sewell S.A. de C.V.                                Mexico
(33% owned by Constar
Holding de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.)
................................................................................
Empaques Constar, S.A. de C.V.                              Mexico
(33% owned by Constar
Holding de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.)
................................................................................

................................................................................
Middle East
-----------
................................................................................
NAFCEL (Saudi Arabia)
(16% owned by CarnaudMetalbox NV)                        Saudi Arabia
................................................................................
Middle East Can Manufacturing
Company Limited                                             Jordan
(42.5% owned by Crown
International Holdings, Inc.)
................................................................................
Emirates Can Company Limited                         United Arab Emirates
(50% owned by Crown
International Holdings, Inc.)
................................................................................
Continental Can of Saudi Arabia                          Saudi Arabia
(40% owned by Crown
International Holdings, Inc.)
................................................................................
Jeddah Beverage Can Making Co., Ltd.                     Saudi Arabia
................................................................................

................................................................................
Moldavia
--------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Tirpak                                     Moldavia
(52.87% owned by CarnaudMetalbox Deutschland GmbH)
................................................................................

................................................................................
Netherlands
-----------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox NV                                        Netherlands
................................................................................
Specialty Packaging Print NV                              Netherlands
................................................................................
Crown Cork Netherlands Holding BV                         Netherlands
................................................................................
Specialty Packaging Nederlands BV                         Netherlands
................................................................................
Crown Cork Balkan Holdings BV                             Netherlands
................................................................................
Crown Cork Company Holland BV                             Netherlands
................................................................................
Crown Cork Mijdrecht BV                                   Netherlands
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Holdings BV                               Netherlands
................................................................................

................................................................................
Panama
------
................................................................................
Massmetal  (39.17% owned by CarnaudMetalbox NV)             Panama
................................................................................

................................................................................
Poland
------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Tworziwa                                    Poland
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Gopak s.p. z.o.o                            Poland
................................................................................

................................................................................
Portugal
--------
................................................................................
Crown Cork & Seal de Portugal Embalagens SA                Portugal
................................................................................
Ormis Combustiveis e Transportes
de Mercaderieas, L.D.A.                                    Portugal
................................................................................
Productos Alimentares Antonio
Henrique Serrano, S.A.                                     Portugal
................................................................................
Montifer Fabricacao de Ferramentas, L.D.A.                 Portugal
(95% owned by Crown Cork & Seal
de Portugal Embalagens SA)
................................................................................
Ormis Embalagens dos Acores, S.A.                          Portugal
(60% owned by Crown Cork & Seal
de Portugal Embalagens SA)
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox de Portugal
Embalagens, S.A.                                            Portugal
................................................................................

                                      -5-

<PAGE>
................................................................................

Guarantors                                         Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                                         -------------------------
................................................................................
Romania
-------
................................................................................
Crownpack SRL                                               Romania
................................................................................

................................................................................
Singapore
---------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Asia Limited                               Singapore
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Packaging PTE Ltd.                         Singapore
................................................................................
Zeller Plastik (S.E. Asia) PTE Ltd.                        Singapore
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Closures Asia
 Pacific PTE Ltd.                                           Singapore
................................................................................

................................................................................
Slovakia
--------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Slovakia                                   Slovakia
................................................................................

................................................................................
South Africa
------------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Food South
 Africa (Pty) Limited                                     South Africa
................................................................................

................................................................................
Spain
-----
................................................................................
Ormis Embalajes Espana SA                                    Spain
(99.9% owned by Crown Cork & Seal
 de Portugal Embalagens SA)
................................................................................
Ormis Envases Metalicos SL                                   Spain
(99.6% owned by Crown Cork & Seal
de Portugal Embalagens SA)
................................................................................
Crown Cork de Espana, S.L.                                   Spain
(99.9% owned by Hellas Can
Packaging Manufacturers SA)
................................................................................
Crown Cork Sevilla SL                                        Spain
................................................................................
Crown Cork Bebidas, S.L.                                     Spain
................................................................................
Crown Cork Iberica S.L.                                      Spain
................................................................................
Agrupacion Industrias
Especiales SA (Agridesa)                                     Spain
(15.88% owned by Crown Cork Iberica S.L.)
................................................................................
Crown Cork Consulting SA                                     Spain
................................................................................
Envases Metalicos Manlleu SA                                 Spain
(99.71% owned by Crown Cork Iberica S.L.)
................................................................................
Expansion Quimica del Ampurdan SA                            Spain
(20% owned by Crown Cork Iberica S.L.)
................................................................................
Immorenta SA                                                 Spain
................................................................................
Zeller Plastik SA                                            Spain
................................................................................
La Artistica de Vigo                                         Spain
................................................................................
Litografia La Artistica Carnaud SA                           Spain
................................................................................

................................................................................
Sweden
------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Closures AB                                 Sweden
................................................................................

................................................................................
Thailand
--------
................................................................................
ZPJK (Thailand) Co. Ltd.                                   Thailand
................................................................................
Interpack Business Limited                                 Thailand
................................................................................
Claremont Holdings (Thailand) Ltd.                         Thailand
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox (Thailand) Pcl                             Thailand
(95.3% owned by CarnaudMetalbox
 Asia Limited (Singapore) and
3.69% owned by CarnaudMetalbox
Packaging Pte Ltd. (Singapore))

                                      -6-
<PAGE>
................................................................................

Guarantors                                         Jurisdiction of Formation
----------                                         -------------------------
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Bevcan Ltd.                                Thailand
................................................................................
Pet Containers (Thailand) Limited                          Thailand
................................................................................

................................................................................
United Kingdom
--------------
................................................................................
Alpine Crown Corks Ltd.                                 United Kingdom
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Bevcan PLC                              United Kingdom
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Aerosols (UK) PLC                       United Kingdom
................................................................................
Metal Box Employees' Funds Trustee Limited              United Kingdom
................................................................................
Metal Box Life Funds Trustee Limited                    United Kingdom
................................................................................
Metal Box Pension Trustees Limites                      United Kingdom
................................................................................
CarnaudMetalbox Closures PLC                            United Kingdom
................................................................................
Metalbox Limited                                        United Kingdom
................................................................................
Thomas Ashton Limited                                   United Kingdom
................................................................................
Can Makers Limited (8.5% owned by
 CarnaudMetalbox PLC)                                   United Kingdom
................................................................................
CMB Bevcan Limited                                      United Kingdom
................................................................................
CMB Bottles and Closures Ltd.                           United Kingdom
................................................................................
CMB Performance Plastics Ltd.                           United Kingdom
................................................................................
CMB Charities Limited                                   United Kingdom
................................................................................
CMB Benevolent Fund Limited                             United Kingdom
................................................................................
Metgate Developments Limited                            United Kingdom
................................................................................

................................................................................
Uruguay
-------
................................................................................
Copaq Trading S.A.                                          Uruguay
................................................................................

................................................................................
Venezuela
---------
................................................................................
Crown Cork Del Venezuela C.A.                              Venezuela
................................................................................
Dominguez Continental S.A.                                 Venezuela
(40% owned by Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc.)
................................................................................
Dominguez & CIA Caracas, S.A.
(10% owned by Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc.,             Venezuela
56.53% owned by Dominguez Continental S.A.)
................................................................................
Dominguez & Cia Valencia                                   Venezuela
................................................................................
Envases Plasticos Dominguez, S.A.                          Venezuela
................................................................................
Empaques Dominguez, S.A.                                   Venezuela
................................................................................

................................................................................
Vietnam
-------
................................................................................
Crown Vinalimex Packaging Ltd.
(76.3% owned by Crown Swire Investment                      Vietnam
Company Limited (Bermuda))
................................................................................

                                      -7-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
