<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>y91281exv10w9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO ASSIGNMENT OF REINSURANCE RECIEVABLES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.9

             AMENDMENT TO THE ASSIGNMENT OF REINSURANCE RECOVERABLES

         This Amendment (the "Amendment") to the Assignment of Reinsurance
Recoverables dated as of July 1, 2003 (the "Assignment Agreement") is entered
into as of September 2, 2003 (the "Amendment Effective Date") by and among Royal
Indemnity Company, a Delaware property and casualty insurance company ("RIC"),
Royal Surplus Lines Insurance Company, a Delaware property and casualty
insurance company ("RSLIC"), Landmark American Insurance Company, an Oklahoma
property and casualty insurance company ("Landmark"), RSUI Indemnity Company,
f/k/a Underwriters Reinsurance Company, a property and casualty insurance
company organized under the laws of New Hampshire ("RSUI Indemnity"), and
LaSalle Bank National Association, a national banking association (hereinafter
referred to as "Trustee"). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise
defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Assignment Agreement.

                                   WITNESSETH

         WHEREAS, RIC, RSLIC, Landmark, RSUI Indemnity and the Trustee desire
that, as of the Amendment Effective Date, Landmark shall no longer be a party to
the Assignment Agreement.

         NOW THEREFORE, RIC, RSLIC, Landmark, RSUI Indemnity and the Trustee, in
consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and
upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, agree as follows:

SECTION 1. AMENDMENT TO THE ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

         Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

         (i)      As of the Amendment Effective Date, Landmark shall no longer
be a party to the Assignment Agreement.

         (ii)     The first recital of the Preamble to the Assignment Agreement
is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

                  "WHEREAS, each of the Ceding Companies has entered into quota
share reinsurance agreements with Reinsurer, dated as of July 1, 2003
(collectively, the "Quota Share Reinsurance Agreements"), pursuant to which RIC
and RSLIC respectively have agreed to cede, and Reinsurer has agreed to assume,
on a 100% quota share basis, the liabilities and obligations arising out of the
Reinsured Contracts (as such term is defined in the respective Quota Share
Reinsurance Agreements);".

SECTION 2. MISCELLANEOUS

         (i)      Full Force and Effect. Except as expressly set forth herein,
this Amendment does not constitute a waiver or modifications of any provision of
the

<PAGE>

Assignment Agreement. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Assignment
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the
provisions thereof on the date hereof. As used in the Assignment Agreement, the
terms "Assignment Agreement," "herein," "hereof," "hereinafter," "hereto" and
words of similar import shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the
Assignment Agreement as amended by the Amendment.

         (ii)     Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall constitute an
original and all together shall constitute one agreement.

               [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]

                                       2

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Assignment Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers of ROYAL INDEMNITY
COMPANY, ROYAL SURPLUS LINES INSURANCE COMPANY, LANDMARK AMERICAN INSURANCE
COMPANY, RSUI INDEMNITY COMPANY, f/k/a UNDERWRITERS REINSURANCE COMPANY, and
LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as of the date first above written.

                                   ROYAL INDEMNITY COMPANY

                                   By:    /s/ Roderick P. Hoover, Jr.
                                          ---------------------------
                                   Name:  Roderick P. Hoover, Jr.
                                   Title: Vice President

                                   ROYAL SURPLUS LINES INSURANCE COMPANY

                                   By:    /s/ Roderick P. Hoover, Jr.
                                          ---------------------------
                                   Name:  Roderick P. Hoover, Jr.
                                   Title: Vice President

                                   LANDMARK AMERICAN
                                   INSURANCE COMPANY

                                   By:    /s/ David E. Leonard
                                          ---------------------------
                                   Name:  David E. Leonard
                                   Title: Executive Vice President

                                   RSUI INDEMNITY COMPANY, F/K/A
                                   UNDERWRITERS REINSURANCE
                                   COMPANY

                                   By:    /s/ Dorothea C. Gilliam
                                          ---------------------------
                                   Name:
                                   Title:

                                   LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

                                   By:    /s/ James M. Feldman
                                          ---------------------------
                                   Name:  James M. Feldman
                                   Title: GSVP

                                       3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
