<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>c92597exv10w22.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.22

                                 AMENDMENT NO. 1

                          Dated as of October 10, 2003

                                       to

                   FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
                            Dated as of May 23, 2003

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED, as Borrower, the BANKS party hereto
and THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative Agent, agree as follows:

      1. EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT. This Amendment (the "Amendment") relates to
and amends that certain First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
May 23, 2003 among Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated, as Borrower, The
Bank of New York, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Fleet
National Bank, as Co-Syndication Agents and KeyBank National Association, as
Documentation Agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified to the date
hereof, but excluding this Amendment, the "Existing Credit Agreement"). Terms
used but not defined in this Amendment are used herein with the meaning ascribed
to them in the Existing Credit Agreement.

      2. AMENDMENTS. On and after the Effective Date (as defined below), the
Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows:

            (a) Section 4.22 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby deleted
            in its entirety and replaced with the following:

      "4.22 STATUTORY SURPLUS. Permit the combined Surplus of RCM and RGA Canada
            to be less than 85% of the combined Surplus of RGA Re and RGA Canada
            at June 30, 2003; provided, however, if RGA Canada becomes a Wholly
            Owned Subsidiary of an Insurance Company (which is a Wholly Owned
            Subsidiary of the Borrower), the Borrower and the Administrative
            Agent agree to enter into discussions with a view toward amending
            this Section 4.22 so as to equitably reflect such change with the
            desired result that the criteria for evaluating the financial
            condition of the Borrower under this Section 4.22 shall be the same
            after such change as if such change had not been made."

      3. CONTINUING EFFECT OF EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT. The provisions of the
Existing Credit Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect and are
hereby in all respects confirmed, approved and ratified.

      4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. In order to induce the Administrative
Agent and the Banks to agree to this Amendment, the Borrower hereby represents
and warrants as follows:

      Each representation and warranty made by the Borrower in any Loan Document
is, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, true and correct at
and as of the Effective Date, and, both before and after giving effect to this
Amendment, no Default or Event of Default is continuing at and as of the
Effective Date.

<PAGE>

      5. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. This Amendment shall be effective as of
the date first written above, but shall not become effective as of such date
until the date (the "Effective Date") that each of the following conditions
shall have been satisfied in the sole determination of the Administrative Agent:

            a.    the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the
                  following, in form and substance satisfactory to the
                  Administrative Agent:

                  (i)   this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the
                        Administrative Agent and the Required Banks; and

                  (ii)  such other information, documents or materials as the
                        Administrative Agent may have requested pursuant to the
                        Loan Documents; and

            b.    the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and
                  expenses payable pursuant to the Loan Documents and this
                  Amendment including the fees and disbursements of legal
                  counsel retained by the Agent (if an invoice for such fees and
                  disbursements of such counsel has been delivered to the
                  Borrower).

      6. GOVERNING LAW. This Amendment shall, pursuant to New York General
Obligations Law 5-1401, be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws
of the State of New York.

      7. COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be signed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the
signatures thereon were upon the same instrument.

      8. HEADINGS. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for
convenience and reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment
for any other purpose.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 to be
executed by their duly authorized officers all as of the date first above
written.

                                    REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA,
                                      INCORPORATED, as Borrower

                                    By: /s/ Todd C. Larson
                                      ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:  Todd C. Larson
                                      Title:  Sr. V.P. Controller & Treasurer

                                    THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative
                                      Agent and as a Bank

                                    By: /s/ Evan Glass
                                      ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:  Evan Glass
                                      Title:  Vice President

                                    BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
                                      as a Bank

                                    By: /s/ Leslie Nannen
                                      ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:  Leslie Nannen
                                      Title:  Vice President

                                    FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                      as a Bank

                                    By: /s/ David A. Bosselait
                                      ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:  David A. Bosselait
                                      Title:  Director

                                    ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
                                      as a Bank

                                    By: /s/ Gabriella King
                                      ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:  Gabriella King
                                      Title:  Authorized Signatory

<PAGE>

                                    KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                      as a Bank

                                    By: /s/ Mary K. Young
                                      ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:  Mary K. Young
                                      Title:  Vice President

                                    STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY
                                      as a Bank

                                    By: /s/ Lise Anne Boutiette
                                      ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:  Lise Anne Boutiette
                                      Title:  Vice President

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
